The name Apri comes from that Latin word aperire which means to open .
This probably refers to growing plants in spring .
Poets use April to mean the end of winter .
Easter occurs on a Sunday between March 22nd and April 25th .
Easter occurs on a Sunday between March 22nd and April 25th inclusive .
Usually these things involve some story or fiction that goes beyond or exaggerates accepted truth .
The wind is moving air .
The wind can be called air .
Air is one of the classical elements .
Spain has seventeen parts called autonomous communities .
Autonomous means it has power over things in that community .
Spain also has fifty smaller parts called provinces .
The groups that were together once before are called historic communities .
The governments of these historic communities can do things that the governments of others can not .
In these places some people speak a different language to Spanish .
Seven of the autonomous communities only have one province .
Spain also has two cities on the north coast of Africa .
They are Ceuta and Melilla .
They are not in any autonomous community .
Spain is split up into seventeen parts called autonomous communities .
The governments of these historic communities are allowed to do things that the governments of others can not .
These are places where there is a people who speak a language other than Spanish .
Seven of the autonomous communities are made up of only one province .
Spain also owns two cities on the northern coast of Africa .
They are called Ceuta and Melilla .
They do not belong to any autonomous community .
Andouille is a sort of pork sausage .
Andouille is a spicy heavily smoked sausage made from pork .
French andouille is traditionally made of pork intestines and tripe .
It is heavily seasoned and smoked though not as spicy as the Cajun variety .
The German andouilles are made only in certain parts of Germany .
They are made from remaining intestines and casings that are seasoned and pulled through a larger casing then smoked .
Cajun style andouille is the spiciest of all the different kinds .
Agriculture produces food for humans and for animals .
The origin of agriculture may be more than 10 000 years old .
But some people think it is only 7 000 years old .
The first domestic crops included wheat and barley .
There are many reasons for this .
Agriculture mostly produces food for humans and animal feeds .
The origin of agriculture is perhaps older than 10 000 years old .
But some think it is only 7 000 .
The first crops domesticated included wheat and barley .
Filibuster dimoxyhyroxinate igloo oubilaptus is canabis dictatum like transubstantiation .
Dimoxyroboxianteum is a per sequitis regurgitate .
LEARN ENGLISH !
Agriculture is the growing of crops or rearing of livestock by people for food and raw materials .
Agriculture produces food for humans and for animals .
Genetically engineered plants and animals produce specialty drugs .
The origin of agriculture may be more than 10 000 years old .
But some people think it is only 7 000 years old .
The practice of agriculture is often used to distinguish the neolithic period from the stone age .
The first domestic crops included wheat and barley .
The reasons for the earliest introduction of farming may have included climate change .
Farming allows a much greater density of population than can be supported by hunting and gathering .
There are many reasons for this .
Farmers use a lot of chemical nutrients or chemical pesticides .
The insects become resistant to some insecticides .
There are many techniques to cultivate crops .
Centuries of careful selection and breeding have had enormous effects on the characteristics of crop plants .
New plants were created with genetic engineering .
They are modified to resist to an herbicide for example .
It is necessary that there is enough food for everyone .
The food must also be safe and of good quality .
Some people say the food is not always good .
Other people say intensive agriculture is damaging the environment .
Traditional agriculture is mostly done in poor countries .
Intensive agriculture is mostly done in western countries .
Organic farming is using only natural products .
Agricultural policy focuses on the goals and methods of agricultural production .
Timeline of agriculture and food technology .
There are specialty producers who raise less common types of livestock or plants .
Only the farmer 's family lives on the farm .
This kind of intensive agriculture also makes problems .
They sometimes pollute the soil or the water .
They sometimes create stronger bugs and weeds .
Having fewer farmers also changes society and can make a country less able to feed itself in bad times .
There are many reasons for this .
This kind of intensive agriculture also causes problems .
This sometimes pollutes the soil or the water or creates stronger bugs and weeds .
Having fewer farmers also changes the structure of society and can make a country less able to feed itself in times of war or other disasters .
Farming is the growing of crops or keeping of animals by people for food and bread climps .
Farming is the growing of crops or keeping of animals by people for food and raw materials .
Intensive agriculture is mostly done in wealthier countries .
Intensive agriculture is mostly done in western countries .
Arithmetic is a simple branch of Mathematics .
Arithmetic is a basic branch of Mathematic .
Below is more information on numbers and operations .
The word addition slso means to make something bigger .
Addition can slso make something bigger .
Adittion is putting to numbers together .
The distance from Tom 's house to Sally 's house can be found by adding the distances already measured .
Addition can also mean to make bigger .
Addition is also a method for measuring things that are already partly measured .
The word addition slso means to make something bigger .
The simplest type of addition is the addition of two numbers .
Adding two numbers produces another number .
Group A has already been counted and found to have five objects .
Each object is given a number .
The first object gets the number one .
The last object gets the number five .
How many objects are in group A and group B ?
Addition can also mean to increase or make bigger .
Putting additions together is the same as a multiplication .
Putting powers together makes tetration .
This never ends .
Australia is also the name of a country .
Today Australia has nearly 20 million people .
By the 1820s there was a fine brick house for the Governor .
There was also a hospital and a convict barracks and a beautiful church which are still standing today .
Phillip found that Botany Bay to be infertile and lacking in fresh water .
Lord Sydney had been able to persuade his colleagues to spend a good deal on the settlement and it had been planned as carefully as possible .
The cattle all escaped .
There were no cooking pots .
There was a grave danger that everyone in the new colony would die of starvation .
They managed the land in a way that meant there was usually plenty of food .
Every few years the Aboriginal people would burn the grass and small trees .
They managed the land in a way that meant there was usually an infinite supply of whatever they needed .
Every few years the Aboriginal people would immolate the grass and small trees .
Many people today know about American English even if they live in a country where another form of English is spoken .
Because people all over the world hear and read American English as well as other versions of English we may find that the English language starts to take on new words .
These people often continue to use American English in everyday life .
Awareness of American English is greater now in many parts of the world where another form of English is more common .
The increasing global awareness of American English as well as other versions of English may lead to localized versions of English continuing the English language tradition of absorbing new words .
These people frequently continue to use American English in everyday life .
However aquaculture is quite a new activity in Canada as it only began in the 1879 .
Aquaculture is a new activity in Canada and it began in the 1879 .
Angels in the Bible are usually pictured with wings and a halo .
An apple is a kind of fruit .
An apple is also the tree where this fruit grows .
The apple fruit is usually red on the outside when the apple is ready to eat .
A ripeA ripe apple is an apple that is ready to eat .
The shape of an apple is a ball .
An apple is about 18 centimeters around .
The skin of the apple is thin .
Apples are hard fruits .
Apples can taste sweet .
Apples can taste sour .
Apples have seeds in the middle .
People first grew apple trees in Central Asia .
Apples are now grown in most of the cooler parts of the world .
Sometimes apples are eaten after they are cooked .
Often apples are eaten uncooked .
Apples can also be made into drinks .
Apple juice and apple cider are apple drinks .
The skin of the fruit is very thin .
People first grew apple trees in Central Asia .
Apples are now grown in most of the cooler parts of the world .
If one wants to grow a certain type of apple it is not possible to do this by planting a seed from the wanted type .
This means that the tree which would grow from planting would be a mixture of two .
The tree that grows will only create apples of the type needed .
In the United Kingdom there are about 3000 different types of apples .
Organisations such as Common Ground teach people about the importance of rare and local varieties .
Many apples are grown in the United States and Canada .
If one wants to cultivate a certain variety it is not possible to do this by planting a seed from the known variety .
This means that the tree which would grow from such a union would be a mixture of two varieties .
The resulting tree will bear fruit of the known variety .
Rootstocks have been developed through experimentation since the early 1900s .
These rootstocks determine the height of the resulting tree and are categorised accordingly .
The fruit is found on the branch of an apple tree .
The fruit is located on the branch of an apple tree .
The apple is a pomaceous fruit from the apple tree .
It is in the species Malus domestica in the rose family Rosaceae .
It is one of the most cultivated tree fruits .
The tree came from Central Asia .
Its wild ancestor is still there today .
At least 55 million tons of apples were grown around in the world in 2005 .
This makes it the second greatest producer .
The apple tree has a broad crown with thick twigs .
The leaves are alternately arranged simple ovals .
They are 5 to 12 cm long and wide .
It has a sharp top with a soft underside .
Blossoms come out in spring at the same time that the leaves begin to bud .
The flowers are white .
They also have a slightly pink color .
The fruit in autumn .
It is usually diameter .
There are five carpels arranged in a star in the middle of the fruit .
Every carpel has one to three seeds .
The wild ancestors of Malus domestica are Malus sieversii .
Evidence from the domestication of apple for the maintenance of autumn colors by coevolution .
Proc Biol Sci .
PMID 19369261 They are being used recently to develop Malus domestica to grow in colder .
The apple tree was possibly the earliest tree to be cultivated .
Its fruits have become better over thousands of years .
It is said that Alexander the Great discovered apples in Asia Minor in 300 BCE .
Asia and Europe have used winter apples as an important food for thousands of years .
Apples were brought to North America in the 1600s .
The first apple orchard on the North American continent was said to be near Boston in 1625 .
She points out that buckets of apples were discovered in the place of burial for the Oseberg ship in Norway .
They have also been discovered somewhere else on the continent of Europe .
She suggests that this may have had a symbolic meaning .
Nuts are still a symbol of fertility in Southwest England .
Different cultivars are available for temperate and subtropical climates .
Cider apples are usually too to eat immediately .
Most popular apple cultivars are soft but .
Modern apples are usually sweeter than older cultivars .
This is because popular tastes in apples have become different .
Most North Americans and Europeans enjoy sweet apples .
Extremely sweet apples with hardly any acid taste are popular in Asia and India .
Apple is a round fruit .
The apple is the most widely fruit .
The fruit is found on the branch of an apple tree .
People first grew apple trees in Central Asia .
Apples are now grown in most of the cooler parts of the world .
Some people also count the Bahai tradition as a Abrahamic religion .
Some people also include the term to the Bahai tradition .
Some people also count the Bahai tradition as an Abrahamic religion .
Some people also count the Bahai tradition as a Abrahamic religion .
The book was brought into Europe and translated into Latin in the 12th century .
It is the smallest part of a chemical element that still has the properties of that element .
The atom is the smallest unit of an element that retains the chemical properties of that element .
An atom has an electron cloud consisting of negatively charged electrons surrounding a dense nucleus .
The nucleus contains positively charged protons and electrically neutral neutrons .
The concept of an atom as an indivisible component of matter was first proposed by early Indian and Greek philosophers .
The principles of quantum mechanics were used to successfully model the atom .
The earliest references to the concept of atoms date back to ancient India in the 6th century BCE .
Further progress in the understanding of atoms did not occur until the science of chemistry began to develop .
In 1789 the term element was defined by the French nobleman and scientific researcher Antoine Lavoisier to mean basic substances that could not be further broken down by the methods of chemistry .
Positively charged helium ions passing close to this dense nucleus would then be deflected away at much sharper angles .
The term isotope was coined by Margaret Todd as a suitable name for different atoms that belong to the same element .
An electron must absorb or emit specific amounts of energy to transition between these fixed orbits .
The appearance of fixed lines in this spectrum was successfully explained by the orbital transitions .
Werner Heisenberg in 1926 .
The development of the mass spectrometer allowed the exact mass of atoms to be measured .
The chemist Francis William Aston used this instrument to demonstrate that isotopes had different masses .
Experiments have been carried out by trapping and slowing single atoms using laser cooling in a cavity to gain a better physical understanding of matter .
This distinction accounts for the difference in mass and charge between the two particles .
The total number of protons and neutrons determine the nuclide .
The neutron and the proton are different types of fermions .
A nucleus that has a different number of protons than neutrons can potentially drop to a lower energy state through a radioactive decay that causes the number of protons and neutrons to more closely match .
The nucleus can also be modified through bombardment by high energy subatomic particles or photons .
This deficit is the binding energy of the nucleus .
The fusion of two nuclei that have lower atomic numbers than iron and nickel is usually an exothermic process that releases more energy than is required to bring them together .
That means fusion processes with nuclei that have higher atomic numbers is an endothermic process .
The electrons in an atom are attracted to the protons in the nucleus by the electromagnetic force .
Hence electrons bound near the center of the potential well require more energy to escape than those at the exterior .
Each atomic orbital corresponds to a particular energy level of the electron .
The electron can change its state to a higher energy level by absorbing a photon with sufficient energy to boost it into the new quantum state .
Atoms are electrically neutral if they have an equal number of protons and electrons .
Atoms that have either a deficit or a surplus of electrons are called ions .
Electrons that are farthest from the nucleus may be transferred to other nearby atoms or shared between atoms .
Atoms with equal numbers of protons but a different number of neutrons are different isotopes of the same element .
All known isotopes of elements with atomic numbers greater than 82 are radioactive .
These quantum shells correspond to a set of energy levels within the shell model of the nucleus .
Some examples will demonstrate the minuteness of the atom .
A typical human hair is about 1 million carbon atoms in width .
A carat is 200 milligrams .
The result of the emission is a new element with a lower atomic number .
The electron or positron emissions are called beta particles .
Beta decay either increases or decreases the atomic number of the nucleus by one .
This can occur following the emission of an alpha or a beta particle from radioactive decay .
Elementary particles possess an intrinsic quantum mechanical property known as spin .
The nucleus of an atom can also have a net spin .
Normally these nuclei are aligned in random directions because of thermal equilibrium .
This has important applications in magnetic resonance imaging .
Thus the atoms behave like a filter that forms a series of dark absorption bands in the energy output .
Spectroscopic measurements of the strength and width of spectral lines allow the composition and physical properties of a substance to be determined .
This is caused by the interaction of the magnetic field with the magnetic moment of the atom and its electrons .
The emitted photon and the interacting photon will then move off in parallel and with matching phases .
The scanning tunneling microscope is a device for viewing surfaces at the atomic level .
An atom can be ionized by removing one of its electrons .
The electric charge causes the trajectory of an atom to bend when it passes through a magnetic field .
The radius by which the trajectory of a moving ion is turned by the magnetic field is determined by the mass of the atom .
Spectra of excited states can be used to analyze the atomic composition of distant stars .
Specific light wavelengths contained in the observed light from stars can be separated out and related to the quantized transitions in free gas atoms .
Helium was discovered in this way in the spectrum of the Sun 23 years before it was found on Earth .
Stable protons and electrons appeared one second after the Big Bang .
Elements such as lead formed largely through the radioactive decay of heavier elements .
Most of the atoms that make up the Earth and its inhabitants were present in their current form in the nebula that collapsed out of a molecular cloud to form the solar system .
Natural deposits of plutonium and neptunium are produced by neutron capture in uranium ore.
These superheavy elements may have a nucleus that is relatively stable against radioactive decay .
Each particle of matter has a corresponding antimatter particle with the opposite electrical charge .
These types of atoms can be used to test the fundamental predictions of physics .
It is the smallest part of a chemical element that still has the properties of that element .
Electrons are negatively charged .
They are much lighter than the protons and neutrons in the nucleus .
Electrons move very fast around the nucleus .
Charged atoms are called ions .
Atoms with fewer electrons than protons have a positive charge .
These atoms are called cations .
Atoms with more electrons than protons have a negative charge .
These atoms are called anions .
At the center of the atom is a tiny cloesely packed region called the nucleus .
This means the nucleus is positively charged .
Electrons orbit at different distances from the nucleus .
Each shell is given a number .
Atoms are generally put into groups by their atomic number .
The atomic number decides what family or element the atom belongs to .
All atoms with the same atomic number share lots of physical properties and have the same chemical behavior .
The different kinds of atoms are listed in the Periodic table .
The mass number or nucleon number is the total of protons and neutrons .
These are called isotopes .
There are only 94 different types of atoms that occur naturally in the world .
Every different kind of atom has a name and every name has an abbreviation .
The 94 kinds of atoms are usually listed in a table .
The table is called the periodic table .
A scientist called Dmitri Mendeleev was the first to think of the table .
You may notice that Sodium does not fit with Na .
This is because sodium was most commonly called natrium in the past .
This has carried over into other parts of science as well .
Hyponatremia is an illness where the body lacks enough salt to function properly .
All matter and all substances are made up of these 95 kinds of atoms .
Most things contain far fewer types of atoms .
In water these atoms form combinations called molecules .
It is the smallest part of a chemical element that still has the properties of that element .
Electrons are negatively charged .
They are much lighter than the protons and neutrons in the nucleus .
Electrons move very fast around the nucleus .
Charged atoms are called ions .
Atoms with fewer electrons than protons have a positive charge .
These atoms are called cations .
Atoms with more electrons than protons have a negative charge .
These atoms are called anions .
At the center of the atom is a tiny cloesely packed region called the nucleus .
This means the nucleus is positively charged .
Electrons orbit at different distances from the nucleus .
Each shell is given a number .
Atoms are generally put into groups by their atomic number .
The atomic number decides what family or element the atom belongs to .
All atoms with the same atomic number share lots of physical properties and have the same chemical behavior .
The different kinds of atoms are listed in the Periodic table .
The mass number or nucleon number is the total of protons and neutrons .
These are called isotopes .
There are only 94 different types of atoms that occur naturally in the world .
Every different kind of atom has a name and every name has an abbreviation .
The 94 kinds of atoms are usually listed in a table .
The table is called the periodic table .
A scientist called Dmitri Mendeleev was the first to think of the table .
You may notice that Sodium does not fit with Na .
This is because sodium was most commonly called natrium in the past .
This has carried over into other parts of science as well .
Hyponatremia is an illness where the body lacks enough salt to function properly .
All matter and all substances are made up of these 95 kinds of atoms .
Most things contain far fewer types of atoms .
In water these atoms form combinations called molecules .
The atom is the smallest unit of an element that retains the chemical properties of that element .
An atom has an electron cloud consisting of negatively charged electrons surrounding a dense nucleus .
The nucleus contains positively charged protons and electrically neutral neutrons .
The concept of an atom as an indivisible component of matter was first proposed by early Indian and Greek philosophers .
The principles of quantum mechanics were used to successfully model the atom .
The earliest references to the concept of atoms date back to ancient India in the 6th century BCE .
Further progress in the understanding of atoms did not occur until the science of chemistry began to develop .
In 1789 the term element was defined by the French nobleman and scientific researcher Antoine Lavoisier to mean basic substances that could not be further broken down by the methods of chemistry .
Positively charged helium ions passing close to this dense nucleus would then be deflected away at much sharper angles .
The term isotope was coined by Margaret Todd as a suitable name for different atoms that belong to the same element .
An electron must absorb or emit specific amounts of energy to transition between these fixed orbits .
The appearance of fixed lines in this spectrum was successfully explained by the orbital transitions .
Werner Heisenberg in 1926 .
The development of the mass spectrometer allowed the exact mass of atoms to be measured .
The chemist Francis William Aston used this instrument to demonstrate that isotopes had different masses .
Experiments have been carried out by trapping and slowing single atoms using laser cooling in a cavity to gain a better physical understanding of matter .
This distinction accounts for the difference in mass and charge between the two particles .
The total number of protons and neutrons determine the nuclide .
The neutron and the proton are different types of fermions .
A nucleus that has a different number of protons than neutrons can potentially drop to a lower energy state through a radioactive decay that causes the number of protons and neutrons to more closely match .
The nucleus can also be modified through bombardment by high energy subatomic particles or photons .
This deficit is the binding energy of the nucleus .
The fusion of two nuclei that have lower atomic numbers than iron and nickel is usually an exothermic process that releases more energy than is required to bring them together .
That means fusion processes with nuclei that have higher atomic numbers is an endothermic process .
The electrons in an atom are attracted to the protons in the nucleus by the electromagnetic force .
Hence electrons bound near the center of the potential well require more energy to escape than those at the exterior .
Each atomic orbital corresponds to a particular energy level of the electron .
The electron can change its state to a higher energy level by absorbing a photon with sufficient energy to boost it into the new quantum state .
Atoms are electrically neutral if they have an equal number of protons and electrons .
Atoms that have either a deficit or a surplus of electrons are called ions .
Electrons that are farthest from the nucleus may be transferred to other nearby atoms or shared between atoms .
Atoms with equal numbers of protons but a different number of neutrons are different isotopes of the same element .
All known isotopes of elements with atomic numbers greater than 82 are radioactive .
These quantum shells correspond to a set of energy levels within the shell model of the nucleus .
Some examples will demonstrate the minuteness of the atom .
A typical human hair is about 1 million carbon atoms in width .
A carat is 200 milligrams .
The result of the emission is a new element with a lower atomic number .
The electron or positron emissions are called beta particles .
Beta decay either increases or decreases the atomic number of the nucleus by one .
This can occur following the emission of an alpha or a beta particle from radioactive decay .
Elementary particles possess an intrinsic quantum mechanical property known as spin .
The nucleus of an atom can also have a net spin .
Normally these nuclei are aligned in random directions because of thermal equilibrium .
This has important applications in magnetic resonance imaging .
Thus the atoms behave like a filter that forms a series of dark absorption bands in the energy output .
Spectroscopic measurements of the strength and width of spectral lines allow the composition and physical properties of a substance to be determined .
This is caused by the interaction of the magnetic field with the magnetic moment of the atom and its electrons .
The emitted photon and the interacting photon will then move off in parallel and with matching phases .
The scanning tunneling microscope is a device for viewing surfaces at the atomic level .
An atom can be ionized by removing one of its electrons .
The electric charge causes the trajectory of an atom to bend when it passes through a magnetic field .
The radius by which the trajectory of a moving ion is turned by the magnetic field is determined by the mass of the atom .
Spectra of excited states can be used to analyze the atomic composition of distant stars .
Specific light wavelengths contained in the observed light from stars can be separated out and related to the quantized transitions in free gas atoms .
Helium was discovered in this way in the spectrum of the Sun 23 years before it was found on Earth .
Stable protons and electrons appeared one second after the Big Bang .
Elements such as lead formed largely through the radioactive decay of heavier elements .
Most of the atoms that make up the Earth and its inhabitants were present in their current form in the nebula that collapsed out of a molecular cloud to form the solar system .
Natural deposits of plutonium and neptunium are produced by neutron capture in uranium ore.
These superheavy elements may have a nucleus that is relatively stable against radioactive decay .
Each particle of matter has a corresponding antimatter particle with the opposite electrical charge .
These types of atoms can be used to test the fundamental predictions of physics .
Every different kind of atom has a name and every name has an abbreviation .
A scientist called Dmitri Mendeleev was the first to think of the table .
This has carried over into other parts of science as well .
Every type of atom has a name .
Every name has an abbreviation .
A scientist called Dmitri Mendeleev created this table .
Many atoms that have higher atomic numbers are radioactive .
This exists in other parts of science as well .
All matter and all substances are made up of atoms .
Most substances contain far fewer types of atoms .
The combinations of atoms are called molecules .
All matter and all substances are made up of these 95 kinds of atoms .
Most things contain far fewer types of atoms .
In water these atoms form combinations called molecules .
You really have no idea just how small it is .
An atom is a basic unit that makes up all matter .
These are called chemical elements .
For example hydrogen or gold .
This is called quantum physics .
The protons and neutrons are in the middle of the atom .
They are called the nucleus .
The electrons orbit or go around them in a similar way to the planets going around the Sun .
Protons and neutrons are made up of even smaller particles called quarks .
An atom is a particle that makes up matter .
It is the smallest part of an element that still has the chemical properties of that specific element .
All matter and all substances are made up of these 95 kinds of atoms .
Most things contain far fewer types of atoms .
The type of physics that studies how the atoms work with each other is called quantum physics .
The field of physics that is concerned with this is called quantum physics .
Astronomy is one of the oldest sciences .
Some people thought they could predict the future by studying where the planets were in the sky when a person was born .
These observations were very inportant to astronomers during the past two centuries when they were trying to understand the Universe .
They will spend some time working and learning with only their eyes and a simple journal like a notebook .
Astronomy is one of humanity 's oldest sciences .
It dates to well before the time of recorded history .
Other observers believed the future could be predicted by studying where the planets were in the sky when a person was born .
These observations were of great importance to astronomers during the past two centuries in trying to make sense of the Universe .
They will spend some time working and learning with only their eyes and a simple recording tool such as a notebook .
These observations were very important to astronomers during the past two centuries when they were trying to understand the Universe .
These observations were very inportant to astronomers during the past two centuries when they were trying to understand the Universe .
Others study distant galaxies .
Early astronomers thought that the Sun and the stars went around or orbited the Earth .
Galileo got into trouble with the church though because he argued against the idea that Earth was the center of everything .
Since the 20th century astronomy has progressed a lot .
Early astronemers thought that the Sun and the stars went around or orbited the Earth when in fact it is the other way round .
Galileo got into trouble with the church though becuase he argued against the idea that Earth was the center of everything .
After Galileo people used telescopes more often and began to see futher away objects such as the planets Uranus and Neptune .
Since the 20th century Astronomy has progressed a lot .
To study astronomy on a basic level you can just use your eyes .
Many stars are too far away using just human eyes and need binoculars to be observed properly .
They often have beams placed across them .
Classical buildings have stone columns with fancy designs .
They often have beams laid across them .
Architecture is the art and science of making buildings .
People in different countries design different buildings .
This is called architectural style .
Architecture is a very old tradition .
The Ancient Greeks and Romans made Classical architecture .
The Romans are known for the arch and the Greeks used the arch to build aqueducts for watering or irrigation .
The stone column is one of many important architecture features .
Castles were also built at this time .
Old factories and flour mills are because of the revolution .
This is why we say buildings became more complex over time .
People in different countries and periods of history have designed buildings in different styles .
The architecture of the Ancient Greeks and Romans is called Classical architecture .
The Greeks used this feature to help construct aqueducts and other irrigation systems .
Some important classical buildings have stone columns with complex designs .
Indian architecture is famous for the stone carving of its temples and palaces .
Many castles were also built at this time .
Mosques may also have domes which are a way of building a wide open space which can hold a lot of people .
This is important for religious buildings .
The Industrial Revolution led to new types for buildings for machines and for people to work in .
Modern architecture was a new type of architecture created in about 1900 .
Up to this point buildings were limited in size and style by the strength of the wood and masonry used to construct them .
Gothic cathedrals were among the largest buildings because the gothic arch when combined with buttresses allowed stone buildings to be built taller .
There are arguments for and against both modern and traditional architecture .
Modern architecture typically uses newer technologies and often tries to push the envelope in terms of what is possible .
More traditional buildings often involve a level of detail and craft which are not present in many modern buildings .
It is believed that asteroids are the remains of a bigger planet that exploded a long time ago .
It is believed that an asteroid are the remains of a bigger planet that exploded a long time ago .
In 1979 Soviet Union attacked and occupied Afghanistan .
Taliban were emerged in 1994 and were sponsored by Pakistan .
Afghanistan is in the path of important trade routes connecting southern and eastern Asia to Europe and the Middle East .
The modern country of Afghanistan was established in 1747 .
About 39 million people live in the Argentina .
Argentina is located between the Andes mountain range in the west and the southern Atlantic Ocean in the east and south .
Europeans arrived in 1502 .
Argentina is a federal republic .
The people of Argentina vote for a President rule them and Senators and Deputies to speak for them and make laws for them .
Argentina is a Christian country .
Argentina is a country in South America .
The people there speak Spanish .
Its capital is Buenos Aires .
Argentina is known for its pampas and cattle industry .
Argentina is a Democratic Republic .
The majority of Argentina is Roman Catholic .
People from Spain arrived in 1502 .
The people of Argentina vote for a President to rule them and Senators and Deputies to speak for them and make laws for them .
Europeans arrived in 1502 .
The people of Argentina vote for a President rule them and Senators and Deputies to speak for them and make laws for them .
Austria is more than a thousand years old .
Austria is more than thousand years old .
Armenia is no longer part of the Soviet Union since 1991 .
Armenia got its independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 .
The Armenian name for Armenia means Land of Haik .
Archaeology is the study of the past by finding and interpretting the remains left behind by people who lived then .
There is also a small group of archeologists who look for and study human remains hidden under large bodies of water .
These underwater archeologists hunt for clues about the past by studying shipwrecks or cities that have disappeared under the sea .
Archaeology is the study of ones self through the analysis of the past .
Archaeology does not desire a historical view of things before .
Archaeology is not history .
Some archeologists study ancient Egypt .
Others study ancient Greece or the Vikings .
Archeologists study every civilization we know about .
A small group of archeologists looks studies human remains hidden under water .
They search for shipwrecks or cities that have disappeared under the sea .
There is also a small group of archeologists who look for and study human remains hidden under large bodies of water .
These underwater archeologists hunt for clues about the past by studying shipwrecks or cities that have disappeared under the sea .
Archaeology is the study of the past by finding the remains left behind by people who lived in the past .
You then need to work out what the stuff means .
Some archaeologists study old Egypt .
Others study old Greece or the Vikings .
Archaeologists study every civilization we know about .
A small group of archaeologists study human remains hidden under water .
They search for sunk ships or cities that have been lost under the sea .
Archaeology is the study of the past by finding and interpreting the remains left behind by people who lived then .
Some archeologists study ancient Egypt .
Others study ancient Greece or the Vikings .
Archeologists study every civilization we know about .
A small group of archeologists studies human remains hidden under water .
They search for shipwrecks or cities that have disappeared under the sea .
They search for sunken ships or cities that have been lost under the sea .
They search for sunk ships or cities that have been lost under the sea .
In Windows the user may be asked to find the application which is required to process a document type .
The performance and ability of an application are dictated largely by the computer 's operating system and physical attributes such as how fast its processor is and how much memory is available .
Thus they are sometimes called productivity or office software .
So what an application is depends on who you ask .
Animals that eat both plants and meat are called omnivores .
Other animals eat only meat are called carnivores .
Animals which eat both plants and meat are called omnivores .
Being able to move from one place to another is another distinctive characteristic of an animal .
The ability to be mobile is an other distinctive characteristic of an animal .
Acceleration is change of the velocity of an object .
Velocity is the speed and direction of the object .
Acceleration is important in physics .
Anything that does not have enough money to pay all of its debt is insolvent .
If it applies for protection by law it may then be bankrupt .
All this provides is more time to work out a new deal between the owners and the people the business owes money .
An individual person who owes debt and can not pay it can also declare bankruptcy .
Anything that does not have enough money to pay all of its debt is bankrupt .
All this provides is more time to work out a new deal .
It is really just seasoned ground meat so does not keep and should be stored and handled appropriately .
There are also vegetarian types that use textured vegetable protein in place of meat .
There are also vegetarian varieties that use textured vegetable protein in place of meat .
Breakfast sausage is a type of fresh pork sausage made from seasoned ground meat mixed with bread crumbs .
Different types made from pork and beef mixtures as well as poultry can now be found .
Breakfast sausage is a classification of fresh pork sausage made from seasoned ground meat assimilated with bread crumbs .
Different classifications made from pork and beef mixtures as well as poultry can now be found .
The word being is the same as person .
If something can feel we can say that it is a being .
The word being means much the same thing as person .
The Black Death that killed millions of Europeans in the Middle Ages was bubonic plague .
The did research to use it for biological warfare .
Samples of this bacteria are carefully controlled .
This happened after he said he lost samples of Yersinia pestis .
This is the bacteria that causes bubonic plague .
The FBI did not find the samples .
They do not know what happened to them .
The plague was not just carried by rats as some people assume .
It came abroad from Kaffa by the black sea .
From there the disease started to go new places in 1347 .
It went to England in 1349 .
There it killed half of the people in England .
Many people think the Black Death that killed millions of Europeans in the Middle Ages was bubonic plague .
The FBI did n't find the samples and does n't know what happened to them .
The plague was n't just carried by rats as some people assume .
They did research to use it for biological warfare .
The did research to use it for biological warfare .
Botany is a science about plants .
Botany is a science .
It is the study of plants .
Botany is a science .
It is about plants .
Botany is a science about plants .
The coastal plain is made up of mainly of sand dunes and polders .
Most people in Brazil speak Portuguese .
Take a look at some of the pages listed below .
The official language is Portuguese .
There is an incredible biodiversity in Brazil .
The Amazon River is one of the biggest rivers in the world .
Brazil was the unic country of the America that had a royal family .
It is the study of the materials that make up our bodies and everything in the world around us .
Only toward the end of the 20th century has computer science been seen as a different science and made its own ways of doing things and its own set of word meanings .
Computer science is a subject in High School .
Computer science is a course in High School .
Computer science is the study of computers .
Computer science is a subject in High School .
How do I best detail a question to answer ?
The instructions must detail a question so that the computer may answer it .
Can a computer help answer this question ?
A computer will probably answer these kind of questions much faster .
How do I best answer this question ?
Algorithms have to do with the way computers answer questions .
The computer scientist may see different ways to sort the playing cards .
The scientist first needs to test if the algorithm does what it should in all events .
The scientist can then see how well it sorts the cards .
This works much faster and does not need as much space .
Computer science left the other sciences near the end of the 20th century and made its own ways of doing things and its own group of word uses .
What is the best way to describe a task to be solved ?
Is it possible to do a task with the help of a computer ?
What is the best way to do a task ?
A way to solve a problem is called an algorithm .
Think about a deck of cards .
First you have to test if your algorithm does what it is supposed to do in all situations .
Then you can examine how well it does the task .
This will probably take a very long time .
Then find the one for the second position and so on .
This is much faster and does not require so much space .
How do I best specify a question to answer ?
How do I best detail a question to answer ?
The instructions must detail a question so that the computer may answer it .
Computers can not answer poorly detailed questions or questions that have no possible answer .
This works much faster and does not need as much space .
Computers can not answer questions that have no answer .
This is so that they can find new and easier ways to do things .
Algorithms are ways to solve problems or do things .
First he wants to sort them out by color .
He must now think about the details of how he will do it .
Computer science looks at the theoretical parts of computers .
Why do we need so much time and effort maintaining existing programs ?
Algorithms are ways to solve problems or perform tasks .
First he wants to order them by color .
He must now think about the details of the method that he will use .
A computer is a machine which stores knowledge in its memory and does calculations on that knowledge .
A computer usually has a monitor to show results .
A computer frequently requires a boot device .
The boot device contains the computer 's operating system and data .
Some people also think that computers are less useful if they do not have access to the Internet .
They think this because the Internet allows the computers to send and recieve data across the world .
A computer is now almost always an electronic device .
This is called product stewardship .
In some countries old computers are melted down to get gold and other metals from them .
This makes the problem worse .
Many projects try to send working computers to developing nations so they will not become waste as quickly .
A computer is a machine to remember and calculate knowledge stored in symbols .
A computer is an electronic device .
In some countries old computers are melted down to get gold and other metal from them .
This makes the problems worse .
Many projects try to send working computers to developing nations so they will not become waste too fast .
This list of orders is called an algorhythm .
The disk that contains the operating system is called a boot device .
Having different programs and operating systems makes it easy to learn how to use computers for new things .
One of the most important jobs that computers do for people is helping with communication .
Some people say they like computers and the Internet because everyone can have a voice and be heard by whomever wants to listen to what they have to say .
Experts can use them to help people learn more .
Some blogs are used by companies to sell things .
People use them to do jobs or to have fun .
Most of the time a computer communicates with the user by writing or drawing pictures on its monitor .
After the computer is done with the data it will store it on a hard disk .
This list of orders is called an operating system .
The disk that contains the operating system is referred to as a boot device .
Having programs and the operating system be different makes it easy to learn how to use computers for new things .
One of the most important jobs that computers do for people is help with communication .
Some people say that people like computers and the Internet because everyone can have a voice and be heard by whoever wants to listen to what they have to say .
Some blogs are just used by companies to sell things .
This makes the problem worse .
Computer recycling is thus common .
A Computer is a machine that does exactly what a person tells it to .
Normal people use the programs that a programmer wrote to tell the computer what to do .
Computers can do anything that someone can tell them to do .
Computers are able to do mathematical problems because a programmer has told them how to do math problems .
These later turned into computers .
Humans have a problem with math .
It is hard to remember all the steps !
People made tools to help them remember where they were in a math problem .
The other problem people have is that they have to do the same problem over and over and over again .
A cashier used to make change every day in her head or with a peice of paper .
So people made machines that did those same things over and over .
Some people did n't want a machine that would do the same thing over and over again .
Some people wanted to be able to tell their machine to do different things .
This part of computer history is called the history of programmable machines which is a fancy phrase for The history of machines that I can order to do different things if I know how to speak their language .
He built a mechanical theater which performed a play lasting 10 minutes and was operated by a complex system of ropes and drums .
Some people argue that this is the first programmable machine .
Other Europeans made more calculators after him .
They were not modern computers because they could not be programmed .
The Jacquard loom 's use of punched cards to define woven patterns is an early form of programmability .
Charles Babbage was the first to make a design of a fully programmable mechanical computer .
A Computer is a machine that changes data according to a set of instructions .
Computers are able to do mathematical problems .
It is difficult to identify any particular device as the earliest computer .
This is because the meaning of the word computer has changed over time .
Human computers often used mechanical calculating devices to help them solve their problems .
This is the essence of programmability .
Only when automatic calculation was combined with programmability did the first computers in the modern sense come about .
You could also program it .
In 1998 the Z3 was proved to be Turing complete .
Turing complete means that it is possible to tell this particular computer anything that it is mathematically possible to tell a computer .
It is the world 's first modern computer .
This is known as stored program architecture or von Neumann architecture .
The first of these was completed in Great Britain .
Computers that used vacuum tubes as their electronic elements were in use throughout the 1950s .
They also need less power and are more reliable than vacuum tubes .
They also made computers faster and more reliable .
The 1980s also saw home computers and the now ubiquitous personal computer .
Nobody knows who built the first computer .
Over time these machines became computers .
These later turned into computers .
A computer is a machine that changes information according to well defined rules .
Modern computers have changed very much .
A Computer is a machine that changes information according to well defined rules .
Chinese Writing does not use letters .
There are many different Chinese languages but they all write using the same characters .
Each line of Chinese is written starting at the top of the page and working downwards .
The lines are written working from the right to the left of the page .
The most popular way to use a computer keyboard to type Chinese is called Pinyin .
Each character is made of different lines .
There are many different Chinese languages but they all write the same characters .
Pinyin input is the most popular way to type Chinese .
Some say that Australia is not a continent but it is often treated like one .
Some say that it is not a continent but it is often treated like one .
Some say that Oceania is not a continent but it is often treated like one .
Some say that Australia is not a continent but it is often treated like one .
China is a large area in East Asia that has history written since around 3000 years ago .
But the government was very weak and military leaders in different parts of the country controlled the local governments .
In 1931 Japanese invaded Manchuria .
But its government was very weak .
Army leaders in different area controlled the local governments .
The war later became part of World War II .
The war was fought for eight years and millions of Chinese people were killed .
In 1945 Japan surrendered unconditionally to the Allied Powers .
But its government was very weak and army leaders in different area controlled the local governments .
China is a large country in East Asia .
China is a large contry in East Asia .
In 1945 Japan surrendered unconditionally to the Allied Powers .
Ancient China was one of the earliest civilizations .
Cambridge University Press .
China has one of the oldest civilizations in the world .
Ancient China was one of the first civilizations .
Ancient China was one of the earliest civilizations .
Colchester was attacked and burnt by Boudicca in 61 AD .
This was when King Henry VIII took the property of the Roman Catholic institutions in England .
Colchester was defeated by Boudicca in 61 AD .
This was when King Henry VIII confiscated the property of the Roman Catholic institutions in England .
People believe that Colchester is the oldest Roman town in England .
People believe that Colchester is oldest Roman town that that is known in England .
The special taste of this sausage comes from the mild Spanish paprika in it .
Different seasonings are also in it with the chili .
We can also use it if we have no ground beef or pork .
Chorizo is a pork sausage that was first made in Spain .
It is made from fatty pork that has been cut into large pieces and seasoned with chili and paprika .
The mild Spanish paprika used is what sets the special taste of this sausage apart from others .
Better known in the western hemisphere are the Mexican and Caribbean kinds .
Chorizo can be eaten as is or fried .
It also can be used partly in place of ground beef or pork .
They were famous for a belief in a form of reincarnation .
They believed this cycle of coming back to life could be escaped by a ritual cleansing .
They used a bible in the language people spoke .
Many other christians used a Bible in Latin .
Latin was spoken only by the priests .
They rejected the usual Christian doctrine of marriage .
The pope also started to hold total authority over what was called Christendom .
They rejected the orthodox Christian doctrine of marriage .
The Pope ordered a crusade against the Cathars in southern France .
He said any crusader who answered the call would be given the same rewards as a crusader who went to the Holy Land .
A mistake by the defenders of Beziers let thousands of attackers in .
The crusade became known as the Albigensian crusade after the town of Albi .
It was to wipe out the Cathars entirely over forty or so years .
The Albigensian crusade actually failed to destroy the Cathar beliefs from southern France .
The people of southern France could read when most nobles in the north of France could not even sign their own names .
It was difficult landscape and so the people in the fortress were able to still get supplies in .
It is said that they carried a treasure that was so important that it could not be allowed to fall into enemy hands .
Bernard Gui was a famous inquisitor who described the heresy to later generations of Roman Catholics .
Almost all knowledge that we have of them has come to us through the Roman Catholic Church .
The last known Cathar follower was burned at the stake in the early 1300 's .
The Pope ordered a crusade to be made against the heretics in southern France .
As reward any crusader who answered the call would be given the same endowments as a crusader who went to the Middle East .
An error by the defenders of Beziers let thousands of attackers in .
The crusade became known as the Albigensian crusade named after the town of Albi .
It was to wipe out the Cathars entirely over the period of forty or so years .
The Crusaders wanted to go home but were ordered by the Pope to continue until the whole South of France was controlled and all Cathars were dead .
The Albigensian crusade actually failed to eradicate the heresy that had entrenched itself in southern France .
The people of southern France were literate when most nobles in the north of France could not even sign their own names .
The Army of God as the crusading force had become known as attempted to surround the fortress .
It was difficult terrain and so the people in the fortress were able to still get supplies in .
It is said that they carried a treasure that was of such importance that it could not be allowed to fall into enemy hands .
Bernard Gui was a famous inquisitor who described the heresy to later generations of Catholics .
We must keep this in mind when studying about the Cathars .
Almost all knowledge that we have of them has come down to us through the Church .
Theh last known Cathar follower was burned at the stake in the early 1300 's .
Also a religious group is called a church .
Also a religious organization is called a church .
The churches in a particular geographical area form a group called the diocese .
Each diocese has a cathedral .
There is usually one cathedral per diocese .
A church is a building that was constructed to allow people to meet to worship Supreme Personality of Godhead together .
A church is a building that was constructed to allow people to meet to worship together .
Cooking as an art is the act of mixing food ingredients in a way that makes the food taste really good .
While cooking as a job is only the act of mixing ingredients and heating them to make the food taste good enough to eat .
Cooking as an art is the act of mixing food ingredients in a way that makes the person tasting it percieve a feeling of pleasure .
Usually we cook the food in some kind of pot or pan .
Cooking as an art is preparing the food so it tastes really good .
To many cooking is an art and to many it is a job .
Cooking as an art is the act of mixing food ingredients in a way that makes the food taste really good .
While cooking as a job is only the act of mixing ingredients and heating them to make the food taste good enough to eat .
Cooking as an art is preparing the food so it tastes really good or is pleasing to the eye .
Cooking as an art is preparing the food so it tastes really good .
Cooking as an art is preparing the food so it tastes and looks really good .
Cooking as an art is preparing the food so it tastes really good or is pleasing to the eye .
A cup can also be an award .
Most people do not accept it .
Ray says words can not be used to model reality or our universe at all .
Ray partly agrees with this .
Ray 's model of the universe is based on the harmonic Cubic number of 4 .
Scientists accept this more than cubic time theory because it relies on animal experiment and observation in the wild .
This theory does not criticise scientists .
It is not widely accepted .
Ray also says words can not be used to model reality or our universe at all .
Time Cube is a website made by Gene Ray .
Time Cube is a theory of Gene Ray .
Most people do not accept it .
The Time Cube model of the universe is based on the harmonic Cubic number of 4 .
His arguments are like those of Gautama Buddha .
Ray partly agrees with this .
The Time Cube theory supports cyclic time .
Probably the most accepted idea of this kind is negentropy .
Many people consider Gene Ray a crackpot because of how he presents his idea .
Maize is a cereal grain grown by people first in ancient Central America .
Outside of England it is more often called corn .
Maize is a product made from corn .
In some places it means corn in general .
These formulas can be used to get precise answers for such things .
These formulas can be used to obtain precise answers for such quantities .
Differential calculus is used a lot to find the slope at various points on a curve .
Differential calculus is frequently used to find the slope at various points on a curve .
It is the part of mathematics which looks at things that change over time .
Coins are round pieces of metal .
The different decorations on each side of a coin are used to decided things randomly .
The different decorations on each side of a coin is used to decided things randomly .
Coins are round pieces of metal .
Most people use coins as currency .
The different decorations on each side of a coin might be used to decide things randomly .
This is called tossing a coin .
You throw the coin into the air and catch it .
You then look at which picture is facing up .
Before tossing the coin you have to decide what each picture means .
It could also mean the outer layers of other planets .
It can also refer to the outer layers of other planets .
A comedy is a very popular type of movie .
Comedy movies are very popular type of movie .
Cheese makers usually cook the milk in a large pot and add salt and a substance from the stomach of young cows called rennet .
There are special pots for making cheese .
What are a Constitution ?
An example is the way the letter o is usually written .
Mathematicians use the letter r for the length of a circle 's radius .
Mathematicians use the letter r for the length of this line .
A circle is a round shape .
The center of a circle is the point in the very middle .
The radius of a circle is a line from the center of the circle to a point on the side .
All points on the circle are at the same distance from the center .
Mathematicians use the letter r for the length of a circle 's radius .
Mathematicians use the letter d for the length of this line .
Mathematicians use the letter c for the length of this line .
A more intuitive approach is to draw an imaginary circle of radius r centered at the origin .
Finding a collection of points inside the circle allows the circle 's area A to be approximated .
The center of a circle is the point in the very middle .
The radius of a circle is a line from the center of the circle to a point on the side .
All points on the circle are at the same distance from the center .
Mathematicians use the letter r for the length of a circle 's radius .
Mathematicians use the letter d for the length of this line .
Mathematicians use the letter c for the length of this line .
A more intuitive approach is to draw an imaginary circle of radius r centered at the origin .
Finding a collection of points inside the circle allows the circle 's area A to be approximated .
The Dissolution of the monasteries was when King Henry VIII took away things that the Roman Catholic church owned .
The Dissolution of the Monasteries was when King Henry VIII took away things that Roman Catholic church owned .
This was also when Henry VIII made himswdbhasgdfyashidhaudhauishduiashduiahsduiahsuidhasuidhauisdhiuashduiasdelf the new head of the Church of England .
This was also when Henry VIII made himself the new head of the Church of England .
This was also when Henry VIII made himself the new head of the Church of England .
This was also when Henry VIII made himswdbhasgdfyashidhaudhauishduiashduiahsduiahsuidhasuidhauisdhiuashduiasdelf the new head of the Church of England .
A deadline is a time by which some must be d.
This is so the teacher is able to report fairly to his or her principal that every student had the same chance to do the work .
A way to remember this is that a time horizon is like the physical horizon where sunset happens and a time limit is a thing people set up to deal with this .
A deadline is a thing powerful people set up to ensure less powerful people comply with their way of doing things .
It can be used by people who speak any language .
Auxiliary means that it is a language designed as a second language for international communication .
It can be used by people who speak any other language .
Auxiliary means it is a helper for other languages .
It is not a whole language by itself .
Dutton Speedwords can be used as a second language for international communications .
Dutton Speedwords is an auxiliary language .
It can be used by people who speak any language .
Auxiliary means that it is a language designed as a second language for international communication .
A dimension is a measure of the position of something .
People call the aspects which describe reality dimensions .
People generally accept that our reality has three dimensions which control our position and any number of other dimensions which control our movement .
Dimensions like temperature and weight can be used to show the position of something in less simple spaces .
A dictionary has been designed to have one or more uses that can help the user in a particular situation .
A dictionary has been designed to have one or more functions that can help the user in a particular situation .
A dictionary is a book which explains the meanings of words .
The words are arranged in alphabetical order so that they can be found quickly .
Good dictionaries will also give more information about the word .
It will explain how it is pronounced .
Usually the International Phonetic Alphabet is used for this .
It will explain how the word is used .
There are also dictionaries which translate words into foreign languages .
When using a dictionary to find out how to say something in another language one has to be careful to choose the right word .
A word like put has many meanings .
A good dictionary will have a large list of these meanings to help people find the word they want .
Dictionaries need to be updated frequently because of the way language changes .
A dictionary has been designed to have one or more uses that can help the user in a particular situation .
Denmark is a country in northern Europe .
Denmark is on the North Sea .
Denmark is a kingdom .
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen .
All three parts of the country have different languages and culture .
Denmark is the smallest of the Scandinavian countries .
This is the only part of Denmark that is not an island .
The country is quite flat .
And nobody lives more than 60 km from the coast .
The weather in Denmark is quite windy and rainy .
The climate and topography are not good for winter sports .
Most summers are not very hot .
People always dress to be ready for rain or wind .
The best time of the year for outdoor activities is the months of May and June until midsummer .
There are still many islands with no bridges to the mainland .
People have to go by boat or airplane to reach these islands .
The people of Denmark have always depended on the sea .
Many Danes were fishermen or merchants .
Farming has always been one of the main occupations .
Export of food to the neighbouring countries is the most important source of income for the country .
They have come to Denmark because they want to work in Denmark .
The Danes speak Danish .
The Danish language is much like Norwegian and Swedish .
Christmas is the main feast of the year .
Midsummer is celebrated with a huge bonfire in the evening of June 23 .
Death is a term that is used to describe the permanent ending of life processes in a plant or animal life form .
Death is a term that is used to describe the permanent ending of life processes in a life form .
These are just some of the ways in which life forms die .
Death is a term that is used to describe the permanent ending of life processes in a plant or animal life form .
There are many euphemisms for dying .
People die if they are killed .
There are many euphamisms for dying .
A few examples are to pass away and to go to a better place .
Death is the end of life in an organism .
About two thirds of these people die because of reasons related with age .
This is one of the greatest questions of philosophy and religion .
Death from old age .
Throughout history lots of people have been afraid of death and a lot of people have wondered and guessed about what may happen to people after they die .
This is one of the primary questions of philosophy and religion .
It is where the ambassador of the home country works and it is where most of the communication between the two governments happens .
The Atlantic Ocean is to the west of Europe .
It is to the west of Asia and to the north of Africa The Atlantic Ocean is to the west of Europe .
The name was later used for Greece .
The name later was used for Greece .
Then as the rest of the area we call Europe started to have cities and empires the whole of the area West of the Urals got called this .
Every 365 days it goes around the Sun .
The Sun provides light which shines on Earth .
Earth spins so each part of it is in light during the day and dark at night .
The Moon also spins but the same side of it is always facing Earth .
The Earth is the only place where Life is known to exist .
The effect of gravity pulled this into a bigger and bigger ball of molton rock .
This ball cooled down slowly over millions of years .
Dense materials sank deeper into its center to form a core of dense hot rock .
Less dense materials remained on the surface and cooled to form a solid rocky crust .
Gases outside the crust formed the air .
Later another planet as big as Mars collided with the Earth .
This slowly stuck together to form the Moon .
The Moon was much closer to the Earth in those days than it is today .
This collision explains the similar ages of the Moon and the Earth .
Every 365 days it revolves around the Sun which provides light .
Earth rotates so each part of it is in light during the day and dark at night .
The Moon revolves but the same side of it is always facing Earth .
It has many ecosystems that provide nature 's services to humans .
The ball cooled down slowly over millions of years .
Dense materials sank deeper into the center to form a core of dense molten rock .
Less dense materials remained on the surface to form a solid crust .
Gases outside the crust formed the atmosphere .
This also explains the similar age of the Moon and the Earth .
It has six continents which rise above the oceans to make land .
The Earth 's poles are cold and covered with ice because they get less sunlight than other parts .
The heat from the sun makes the oceans turn into steam to make clouds and change the Earth 's weather .
The Earth is the only place we know about which has life .
Earth spins so each part of it is in light during the day and dark at night .
It has six continents which rise above the oceans to form land .
The Earth 's poles are covered with ice because they receive less sunlight than other parts .
The heat from the sun causes the oceans to turn into steam to make clouds and change the Earth 's weather .
The Earth is the only place where life is known to exist .
They also guess that later another planet as big as Mars smashed into Earth and big pieces of it were sent flying into space .
All you need to know is earth is stupid .
Earth is the planet that humans and animals live on .
It has only one moon .
The Sun provides light that shines onto the Earth .
The surface of the Earth is mostly covered by salt water in its oceans .
There are also a lot of smaller islands .
The Earth 's north and south pole are very cold and full of ice because they get less sunlight than other areas .
The heat from the Sun makes the ocean waters turn into water vapor to make clouds .
Clouds help protect the earth from harmful ultraviolet rays from the sun .
The Earth is the only place humans know about which has life .
The Earth 's liquid water makes life possible .
The places with the smallest amount of rain are called deserts .
The Earth has mountain ranges and volcanoes .
They are caused by movement of hot rocks deep inside the Earth .
Gases outside the crust formed the air .
This would mean that the Earth was destroyed and turned back into molten rock .
This crash would mean similar ages for the moon and the Earth .
It would also explain why the moon has no iron center .
There are also many other stories about how the Earth began that are different from this one called creation myths .
Religions also have different ideas about how the Earth was made .
The innermost layer is the core .
The layer surrounding the core is called the mantle .
The crust is the outermost layer .
The sun is expect to shine stably for another billion years before the sun will start to get bigger .
The sun will be big enough it wll drive through Earth 's orbit of now .
It is one of the four terrestrial planets in our Solar System .
This means it has a mostly solid surface .
It is one of the four terrestrial planets in our Solar System meaning it has a mostly solid surface .
Some scientists think that the Moon might have been made when a small planet which is sometimes called Theia .
Earth is the third planet from the Sun .
This means most of its surface is solid .
Earth is the third planet counted from the Sun .
This means it has a mostly solid surface .
No other planet humans know of has a hydrosphere .
The Earth takes about 24 hours to complete one day and 365 days to complete an year .
The Earth takes about 24 hours for completing one day and 365 days to complete an year .
The Earth takes about 24 hours to complete one day and 365 days to complete a year .
The Earth takes about 24 hours to complete one day and 365 days to complete an year .
This is why we have 365 days in a year .
This is why we have 365 days in year .
Et cetera means and others in Latin .
It is often used in English to continue a list that is longer than what can be normally written .
An experiment is an action which attempts to disprove an idea .
Often this requires several similar experiments .
Experiments are the most basic element of the scientific method .
Often this requires several quite similar experiments .
Experiments are the most basic element of scientific method .
Morality is what other people have already worked out to be the good thing or the bad thing to do .
People like doctors and nurses have to make hard choices about how to care for people .
Discussing ethics can also be a way to stop people fighting or starting a war .
This works when all people agree that peace is very important .
It is also studying what makes something good or bad .
This helps decide whether other things are good or bad .
Morality means what is right and what is wrong .
Morality can be hard for people to agree on .
Studying different ideas about morality as carefully as a science can help .
Discussing ethics can also be a way to stop a conflict .
This works when everyone agrees that peace is very important .
Ethics is a branch of philosophy .
A morality is what someone thinks or feels is good or bad .
Some philosophers hope to find more things moralities share .
They think that ethics is the study of things that people think are good or bad using the scientific method .
Other philosophers think that ethics is seperate from morality .
They do not think ethics can be studied using the scientific method and that it is cloaser to metaphysics .
Some of them are Platonists about what is good and bad .
The philosophy of Marxism says that a few people using money in the wrong way can hurt many other people .
Government policy can be affected by what politicians think is ethical .
Along with Aesthetics ethics forms part of axiology the philosophy of what people like .
The Republic is a book by Plato that says that people who have power should use ethics to make choices .
Morality is what other people have already worked out to be the good thing or the bad thing to do .
Ethics is one of the main things that philosophy is about .
Public policy is affected by what politicians think is ethical .
Ethics is the part of philosophy that talks about good and evil .
What actions are good ?
What actions are evil ?
How can we tell the difference ?
Are good and evil the same for everyone ?
How should we make hard decisions that might help or hurt other people ?
Ethics is a branch of philosophy .
Understanding what is right helps people make a choice about what to do .
E Prime does not have to be .
E Prime is not part of Basic English .
Basic English has more words and is more difficult .
E Prime does not use changing forms of the verb to be .
Basic English has more words .
For some people Basic English is more difficult to learn than E Prime .
E Prime does not have to be .
Basic English has more words and is more difficult .
This causes their organs to get very sick .
This causes organs to get very sick .
But if people get care from doctors and nurses more live .
Economics is the study of how people make choices to get what they want .
Economic choice includes some things are needs .
These are thigns like food .
Study at this level often assume that nature 's services of resource renewal and waste disposal continue in the background regardless of what humans do .
Economics is the study of how people make choices to satisfy their wants .
Analyses at this level generally assume that nature 's services of resource renewal and waste disposal continue in the background regardless of what humans do .
Economics is the study of the decisions people make so they can get what they want .
It or ethics is the most basic social science .
Study at this level often assumes that nature 's services of resource renewal and waste disposal continue in the background whatever humans do .
Economics is the study of how people make choices to get what they want .
Economic choice includes some things are needs .
These are things like food .
Study at this level often assume that nature 's services of resource renewal and waste disposal continue in the background regardless of what humans do .
Productivity is the amount of the produced goods divided by total working hours .
Productivity is the amount of the produced goods divided by working hour .
Egypt has been an independent country since 1901 .
It is a member of the United Nations and the Arab League .
It is a republic .
Most people live in areas around the coast of the Mediterranean Sea and along the Nile River .
Not many people live in the desert areas .
The Egyptian Parliament sits in Cairo and makes laws for the whole country .
The government is led by the President .
There are still some Christians in Egypt today .
Many of these belong to the Coptic Orthodox Church .
Egypt has produced many famous people .
The leaders of Everything2 do things without asking other people .
Web sites which are social groups make cliques and they leave out the people they do n't like .
Some people on Everything2 are called gods .
They have special powers that nobody has .
This lack of due process is also sometimes seen at Wikipedia which tries to be more careful about it .
With social software there is a choice between being a social club and being a guide to action or part of education .
Most people do not need education in cliques and how they exclude who they dislike .
There is no voting or talking in groups before things are done on Everything2 .
Average sentence is 15 to 20 words long .
Average sentence is 37 words long .
Average sentence length is 15 to 20 words .
Average sentence length is 37 words .
Financial capital is a form of Capital .
For example money is a form of financial capital .
You can not do anything with money but it still has value .
This means that Financial capital has a stable value and can be traded in most places and with most people .
However they can be traded with people for Money or sometimes other types of financial capital .
Because of this these forms of financial capital do not have a stable price .
This means that some people try to make a profit by buying and selling these types of financial capital in a market .
For example some people buy and sell land but are not interested in doing anything with it .
Some people think this sort of trade is bad because the land should be used and not just treated like moneyl .
This may be because they involve people .
Treating useful capital like financial capital is called comodification .
In politics a common question is how much the government should use financial capital .
In particular should the government trade in financial capital to make a profit .
Traditionally liberal politicians do not mind such traiding but socialist or conservative politicians are against it .
Financial capital is like money but does not have all the functions of money .
However there are other styles of capital that sometimes can do the same thing .
The debt is secured by the land and any house on that land .
Land reform often happens because people who have land or live on land can not get any financial capital to improve it or grow crops .
A political party usually takes a strong common attitude to how the financial capital markets should be used by the state .
This means that financial capital has a stable value and can be traded in most places and with most people .
This means that Financial capital has a stable value and can be traded in most places and with most people .
The cook sometimes uses a cookbook .
The cook sometimes use a cookbook .
The height is written as 5 ' 11 .
Please add info .
She would write her height as 5 ' 11 .
The abbreviation for foot is ft.
In France there are many different climates .
The climate of France is varied .
Napoleon Bonaparte took control of the Republic in 1799 .
France built a large colonial empire in the 18th and 19th centuries .
This means the temperature is about the same most of the year .
The winters are cool and wet .
Napoleon Bonaparte seized control of the Republic in 1799 .
France built a large colonial empire In the 18th and 19th centuries .
In the east winters are cold and clear .
Summers are hot and stormy .
The departments are divided into 342 arrondissements .
There are many cities in France .
France had a monarchy until the French Revolution in 1789 .
His armies conquered most of continental Europe .
In the north and west of France there are low hills and river valleys .
There are many important cities in France .
The monarchy ruled France until the French Revolution in 1789 .
Low hills and river valleys cover much of north and west France .
France hosted the Summer Olympics twice .
In 1900 and in 1924 in Paris .
France also hosted the Winter Games three times .
France is ranked as the eighth largest economy by GDP adjusted for purchasing power parity which takes into account how much it costs to live in different countries and inflation rates .
France is ranked as the eighth largest economy by GDP adjusted for purchasing power parity which takes into account how much it costs to live there and compared to other countries and inflation rates .
France is the most visited country in the world with more than 82 million tourists visiting every year .
France is the most visited country in the world with more than 82 million foreign tourists visiting it every year .
France is the most visited country in the world .
France is the most visited country in the world with more than 82 million tourists visiting every year .
The country has been one of the world 's biggest powers since the end of the 17th century .
The country has been one of the world 's biggest penis since the end of the 17th century .
France is the number one tourist destination in the world .
France is the first tourist destination in the world .
It was markka before 2002 .
There are also many rivers and so many lakes that you can not count them all .
At winter the weather is cold .
Russia was called the Soviet Union that time .
Leaders of the Soviet Union wanted Finland to be a part of the Soviet union .
Finland was not joined with the Soviet Union and Finland is still independent .
Also more and more people go at university to have a good education .
Finland was one of the first countries where most people had internet connection and mobile phones .
It was Markka .
Also there are many rivers and so many lakes that you can not count them all .
Many islands in Baltic sea belong to Finland too .
At winter weather is cold .
Russia was called Soviet Union that time .
Leaders of Soviet Union wanted Finland to be a part of the Soviet union .
Finland was not joined with Soviet Union and Finland is still independent .
Farms and countryside became almost empty because people worked in factories and lived in towns .
Also more and more people goes at university to have a good education .
Finland was one of the first countries where most people had internet connection and mobile phone .
There are big forests and many trees in Finland .
There are also many rivers and lakes .
Soviet Union sent many troops to Finland to try to make Finland join it .
There are big forests and a lot of trees in Finland .
There are also many rivers and many lakes .
In the past there were many wars .
Soviet Union sent many troops to Finland in an attempt to force Finland to join the Soviet Union .
There were many fights and Finnish soldiers won many times .
Finally the leaders of both countries agreed to make peace .
Finland was not joined with the Soviet Union but had to give off some land in order to make the peace .
After the war there were many factories built in Finland .
At that time time big factories did basic stuff like manufacture paper and steel .
Now more and more people work on advanced things like high technology .
Also more and more people go to a university to get a good education .
Finns were interested in freedom and not dictatorship .
Finns were interested on freedom and not dictatorship .
Most of the western and southern Finland is seashore of the Baltic Sea .
Most of the western and southern Finland is seashore of the Baltic sea .
Finland is one of the Nordic countries .
It is also part of Fennoscandia .
Finland is located between 60th and 70th latitudes of North .
It deals with the distribution of natural and human parts on the earth 's surface .
It focuses on the distribution of natural and human parts on the earth surface .
Grammar is a set of the rules about how to speak and write well in a language .
Grammar is a collection of the rules about how to speak and write well in a language .
Some people use grammar that is different to others ' when speaking .
Some people do not use the proper or correct grammar when speaking .
Some people use grammar that is different from others ' when speaking .
Some people use grammar that is different to others ' when speaking .
All languages have grammar .
All languages have grammar and all grammars are equal .
Grammar refers to the rules about how to speak and write well in a language .
Both have different rules .
This is because Spanish and English have different rules about word order .
Grammar is slowly changing .
Sentences we find normal today would have seemed strange to people 100 years ago .
Some people use grammar that is different from others ' when speaking .
They usually do this because that is what is normal in their family or the area where they live .
Grammar is the system of the way of speaking conventions and form in a language .
It allows people to communicate effectively with one another .
All languages have grammar .
These differences are called dialects .
The dialect a person uses is usually decided by where they live .
The system which people learn as they grow up .
The system which every normal person learns in growing up .
Four of the Great Lakes are shared between Canada and the United States of America .
Lake Michigan the only great lake that is all inside the United States .
Lake Michigan is the only great lake that is all inside the United States .
Lake Michigan the only great lake that is all inside the United States .
The GFDL has other requirements as well which are more complicated .
Any use of GFDL material which violates the terms of the GFDL is potentially copyright infringment .
A number of online projects use the GFDL .
The largest online project to license its content under the GFDL is Wikipedia .
The license is used for things that are written about how to use software .
It is also used for other writing that is used as a reference or to help with something .
The license says that people are allowed to copy the writing .
They are also allowed to change it .
They can sell these copies .
Wikipedia uses this license .
It is the biggest project that uses it .
It does not meet their Free Software Guidelines .
People who want to copy it have to add the copyright notice and say it is GFDL .
The GFDL has other requirements that are more complicated .
Any use of GFDL material which violates the terms of the GFDL is potentially copyright infringement .
The GFDL has other requirements as well which are more complicated .
Any use of GFDL material which violates the terms of the GFDL is potentially copyright infringment .
People who do n't believe that any god exists are called atheists .
People who do n't believe that God exists are called atheists .
People who are n't sure if God really exists are called agnostics .
People who believe in just one God are called Monotheists .
People who do n't believe in God are called atheists .
People who are n't sure if God exists are called agnostics .
Some agnostics think that it is impossible to know if God exists .
People who believe no God exists are called atheists .
People who believe anyone can not know whether God exists or not are called agnostics .
The Christian Bible ralks about God in different ways .
Christians believe Jesus was God 's son .
The New Testament says that Jesus was God .
It also talks about the Holy Spirit which was God too .
God is a fictional character who was created by Stan Lee as a nemesis to both Spiderman and The Incredible Hulk .
As a proper noun is the word usually describing the ultimate power in all religions .
God as a proper noun is the word usually describing the ultimate power in all religions .
People who believe that there is no such being are called atheists .
There is no scientific proof for the existence of God .
Scientists are also unable to explain that this being is as advanced and complicated as religion says it is .
They usually call this being God .
There is no scientific explanation for the existence of God .
Abrahamic religions are very popular monotheistic ones .
Monotheistic means the people in these religions believe there is only one god .
Monotheistic means the people in these religions believe in one god .
Some religions say that there is a supernatural being .
Science has found no evidence that indicates the existence of God or of anything supernatural .
The debate exists mainly in philosophy since scientists can not really prove whether or not God or gods exist .
Science has found no evidence whatsoever that indicates the existence of God or of anything supernatural .
The debate exists solely in philosophy since it is essentially settled in scientific circles .
People who believe that no deities exist are called atheists .
People who reject belief that any deities exist are called atheists .
Christians say that the Old Testament talks about God the Father .
The New Testament says that Jesus was God 's son .
The debate exists mainly in philosophy since scientists can not really prove whether or not supernatural things like gods exist .
The debate exists mainly in philosophy since scientists can not really prove whether or not God or gods exist .
Some religions say that there is a supernatural being called God .
Sometimes he is also called a deity .
The belief that there is at least one god is usually called theism .
People who do n't belief that any deities exist are called atheists .
They are called agnostics .
In polytheism the word gods is usually written in lowercase letters .
Sometimes they write about God with an uppercase letter when talking about the most important god .
See gods .
The belief that there is such a being is usually called theism .
People who reject belief that any deities exist are called atheists .
Such religions sometimes also talk about God with an uppercase letter when referring to the most important of these gods .
Sometimes the ghost is the spirit of a person who was killed by enemies or who died in a scary way .
The ghost may stay on Earth because he or she is angry due to some problem in life and wants to scare people or to harm his or her enemies .
Others believe they 've felt the presence of ghosts .
Sometimes the ghost is the spirit of a person who was killed by enemies or who died violently .
The ghost may stay on Earth because he or she is angry due to some unresolved issue in life and wants to scare people or to harm his or her enemies .
Others believe they 've felt the presence of ghosts .
No one has ever reported being haunted by a religious figure or being afraid of such a visitation .
Others believe they have felt ghosts near them .
Others believe they 've felt the presence of ghosts .
Example this captin died out at sea and the second his ship sunk he showed up to say goodbye to his wife as a ghost !
Example this captin died out at sea and the second his ship sunk he showed up to say goodbye to his wife as a ghost !
This is because they contain chlorophyll .
This is because they contain chorophyll .
Green is also seen as be able to stay the same and endurance .
A person who is said to have a green thumb is good at growing plants .
Aqua is associated with making someone feel better and protection .
Green also represents stability and endurance .
Aqua is associated with emotional healing and protection .
Its software and database are used in other search engines too .
Its software and database is used in other search engines too .
The name Google is a play on the word googol .
Google uses this word because the company wants to organize a very big quantity of information on the Web .
Andy Bechtolsheim first thought of the name .
Its software and database are used in other search engines too .
That makes it the most used search engine on the web .
They do also do things apart from searching .
The name Google is a misspelling on the word googol .
They do a lot of other stuff too .
Google is a company based out of the United States known primarily for its search engine .
They also do things apart from searching .
The name Google is a misspelling of the word googol .
That is 200 000 000 people .
The name Google is a misspelling on the word googol .
They also do things other than searching .
Google dislikes this use since the name of the company is a trademark .
Google can lose that trademark if people use it too widely .
Google Calendar is an online calendar .
Google Checkout is an online payment method .
Users can send money using their credit cards or bank accounts to other users .
Google Language Tools is an online translation service .
That means it can translate websites and text into other languages .
Google sites is an online website maker .
They also do things apart from searching .
Google dislikes this use since Google is a trademark and Google can lose that trademark if people use it too widely .
Google Calendar is an online calendar to organise upcoming events .
Google sites is an online site maker .
Government makes laws .
Government also makes sure people obey the laws The leader of a government and his advisors are called a regime .
Those people who rule the land can allow others to own it .
It is a deed by government that gives this right in the way that laws describe .
There are many ideas about how to settle a dispute without needing force or violence but by talking and trusting .
Most law comes from traditions like that .
The Ten Commandments is one group of laws like that .
Government makes and enforces law .
The leader of a government and his advisors are called a regime .
It is from those who rule the land that others are authorized to own it .
There are many theories of how to settle a dispute without relying on force or violence but on talk and trust .
The simplest idea of government is those who rule over people and land .
Those people who rule the land can allow others to own it .
It is a deed by government that gives this right in the way that laws describe .
Some think they have the right to hold land without government permission .
This view is called libertarian .
This view is called anarchist .
Governments have a military that protects the country if other countries attack .
Governments have systems of justice that list the acts that are against the law and describe the punishments for breaking the law .
In a constitutional monarchy a ruler 's powers are restricted by a document called a constitution .
The Roman dictators only held power for a limited time .
Governments have systems of justice that list the acts that are against the law and describr the punishments for breaking the law .
In a constitutional monarchy a ruler 's powers are restricted by a document called a constituition .
Gravity holds galaxies together .
We can describe galaxies by the number of stars they have .
The galaxy we call the Small Magellanic Cloud has about one billion stars in it .
Astronomers call these galaxies dwarf galaxies .
Galaxies are held together by gravity .
Geometry is a kind of mathematics used to describe shapes .
We use Geometry to measure a flat shape 's area and perimeter .
We also use geometry to measure a solid shape 's volume and surface area .
Many everyday things look a bit like the shapes we use in geometry .
So we can use geometry to measure many things by seeing them as made of geometrical shapes .
Geometry is a kind of math used to describe shapes .
We can use it describe a flat shape 's area and perimeter .
We can use geometry to describe a 3D shape 's volume and surface area .
Geometry began as the art of measuring the shape of land so that it cold be shared fairly between people .
It means to measure the land .
It has grown from this to be one of the most important parts of mathematics .
A point is represented on paper by touching it with a pencil or pen without making any sideways movement .
Imagine a very tight piece of string tied between two places .
A plane is flat surface that we imagine going on for ever in all directions .
A point is represented on paper by touching it with a pencil or pen without making any sieways movement .
A plane is for a line what the line was for the point .
We know where the point is but it has know size to speak of .
We know where the point is but it has known size to speak of .
We know where the point is but it has know size to speak of .
Many everyday things have the shapes found in geometry .
Many everyday things look a little like the shapes in geometry .
Geometry is a kind of mathematics used to work with shapes .
There are flat shapes and solid shapes in geometry .
How is Geometry Used ?
Many things have the shapes found in geometry .
Where Did Geometry Come From ?
Geometry began as the art of measuring the shape of land so that it could be shared fairly between people .
It means to measure the land .
It has grown from this to become one of the most important parts of mathematics .
A straight line is the shortest distance between two points .
A straight line between the two points will follow the path of the tight string .
A plane is flat surface that goes forever in all directions .
A ball placed any place on this flat surface will not move if gravity is constant .
Geometry is a kind of mathematics used to describe shapes .
Geometry began as the art of measuring the shape of land so that it could be shared fairly between people .
It means to measure the land .
It has grown from this to become one of the most important parts of mathematics .
Many everyday things have the shapes found in geometry .
A line is the shortest distance between two points .
Imagine a very tight piece of string tied between two places .
A plane is flat surface that is imagined as going on forever in all directions .
A plane is flat surface that does not stop in any direction .
A ball placed any place on this flat surface will not move if gravity on the surface is constant .
A plane is flat surface that goes forever in all directions .
A ball placed any place on this flat surface will not move if gravity is constant .
A ball placed any place on this flat is a fucking bitch that kicks ass !
A ball placed any place on this flat surface will not move if gravity on the surface is constant .
Graph Theory is used to determine efficient or best ways of getting from one place to another .
A tree is a graph where there is only one path between two vertices .
Cayley tried to solve a problem from differential calculus .
His solution influenced the development of theoretical chemistry .
The technique he used mainly focused on listing all graphs which had certain properties .
This study had many implications in theoretical chemistry .
The involved techniques mainly concerned the enumeration of graphs having particular properties .
A person who studies history is called a historian .
People can learn about the past by talking to people who remember things that happened a long time ago .
This is called oral history .
Usually a word like ancient will be put in front of the place name if the place name is still used so that people know that which one is being talked about .
Early and late might also be used .
Before him almost all history was only written from one point of view .
This was usually the point of view of the people who wrote the history .
Khaldun would be happy with the NPOV rules of the Simple English Wikipedia because he came up with rules that were a lot like it .
Isnah in Islam is a kind of early NPOV .
In old times different histories were kept by different people because they did not come across each other very often .
Some groups of people did not come across each other at all .
Ancient Rome and Ancient China both thought that they ruled the only important parts of the world and that other parts were barbarian .
A person who studies such things and writes about history is called a historian .
Early and late may be used for periods of time that are very long .
The whole Earth was not well mapped until the 19th century .
Usually a word like ancient will be put in front of the place name if the name is still being used so that people will know which one is being talked about .
Early and late are used sometimes too .
Usually a word like ancient will be put in front of the place name if the place name is still used so that people know that which one is being talked about .
Early and late might also be used .
We sometimes use early and late too .
In old times people in different parts of the world kept different histories because they did not meet each other very often .
Some groups of people never met each other .
Usually a word like ancient will be put in front of the place name if the name is still being used so that people will know which one is being talked about .
Early and late are used sometimes too .
In old times different histories were kept by different people because they did not come across each other very often .
Some groups of people did not come across each other at all .
Health means many things .
It can talk about a person 's physical state .
This does not mean that the person does not have disease .
This is unsimple but this is important to understand .
A dynamic state means it that a person is always changing .
It concerns religious parts of people .
Health is having everything we need to be happy .
It is not having disease .
It is having good food and water .
It is having good family and friends .
It is having a good spirit .
It is having love .
It is having a safe place to live .
It is learning .
It is growing .
It is different things for different people .
It changes in time for the same person .
Health means being fit and free from illness .
The study of health of humans and animals is health science .
It means the same as port .
Often it is used as a synonym for port .
Anyone can make pages .
Here is some more information about making pages .
When you save a page you can also say it is a minor edit .
The first heading is Making an encyclopedia page .
Do not start the page by writing a heading .
Write some general information first .
You can also make a space at the start of a line .
This text is in the center .
What are talk pages ?
One example of a talk page is .
On a talk page we talk to other people about Wikipedia pages .
This page tells you how to edit pages in Wikipedia .
What are talk pages ?
These are a place to discuss something regarding a page .
You can go to one by clicking on Discussion .
This link is at the top of your screen .
They should appear in bold .
Talk pages should be linked to at the end of a page .
You can also make a space at the start of a line .
The Edit summary box you will see at the bottom of that page is used to tell other editors what you are changing or trying to do .
It is the last state which joined the United States .
It is the last state which join the United States .
The human body is the body of a person .
It is the physical structure of a person .
The body is a thing that can be hurt or killed .
Its functions are stopped by death .
Some people study the human body .
They look at where it is different from or the same as other animals ' bodies .
These animals can be alive today .
Or they can be extinct animals like other hominids .
Some people study how the human body works and lives in its environment .
Some people study what people think about their body .
Artists study how to draw or paint the human body .
Many different feilds of study look at the human body .
Biology is a field of science .
It studies living things .
It looks at how the human body works .
It studies how the human body came from evolution .
It studies how genetics makes the human body .
Ecology is a field of science .
It studies how the human body senses its environment .
It also studies how humans affect the environment .
These actions include using natural resources .
These actions include making waste .
Anthropology is a field of science .
It compares human to other hominids .
It also studies all other hominid bodies .
They look at how humans and chimpanzees are the same or different .
Psychology is a field of medicine .
It looks at how people think and feel .
The brain is part of the body .
How we think and feel comes from the brain .
So psychologists study the body .
They study how the brain lets us be who we are .
Religion also talks about the body .
Some religions see the body as where the soul lives .
Some see the body as like a church .
This is because a church is where people worship God .
These people think God should be worshiped inside people .
Some religions think the body is made from chakras that connect us to the universe .
Medicine sees the body like a machine .
Doctors want to fix problems with the body .
Scientists think that the human body is very much like other animals .
They see that some human behaviors are like animal behaviors .
The animal that is alive now that is closest to humans is the chimpanzee .
It is essentially destroyed by human death which is like the death of any other life form we know .
Economics thus can see the body as consuming what it calls natural resources and generating what it calls waste .
Anthropology looks at body and brain evolution and is very concerned with the comparison to other homonoids and the hominid body in general .
This is dealt with below .
These different views also show up in politics .
Medicine takes the medical view of the body which is as a sort of machine which can be diagnosed and which can be fixed .
Thanks to biology there is no controversy about the genetic and behavior similarities between the human body and that of its near relatives .
Symbolic processing ability much more like that of a computer which chimps seem to lack above basic arithmetic .
A theory of mind which lets human children reliably lie after about four and a half years of age .
To substitute animal milk is also very common in human cultures .
The chimps however focus then on physical development .
It appears that this evolved because human health is easier to determine with a clear view of the whole human body minus the hair .
However the hair itself retains pheromones that are an important mating signal .
And healthy hair indicates more robust health .
So the higher awareness of humans to health factors seems to have been what made us lose most of our hair .
So it seems unlikely that the differences between male and female human bodies will become less over time .
This would make humans more like the gorilla ultimately .
Another view is that the human body is somehow not needed any more and can be replaced with a robot body or just brains kept alive in liquid .
This view is common in science fiction and ideology such as transhumanism which promotes human cloning and also nanotechnology as ways to improve or replace the human body soon .
One criticism is that this is a body hating view and that it is an attempt to deny what we share in common with other primates .
In some cultures female bodies get less treatment because of religious taboos trying to prevent adultery or other sexual contact between doctor and patient .
One way around this is to train many women as doctors and nurses so they can deal with women 's problems .
It is one type of atom .
Its symbol is H and its atomic number is 1 .
Water is made of hydrogen and oxygen .
Hydrogen will have a chemical reaction when mixed with most other elements .
Scientists call this diatomic .
This means it is diatomic .
Nuclear fusion is a very powerful source of energy .
Hydrogen is not burned in a fuel cell .
There is no lose of energy anywhere in the universe .
In its pure form hydrogen is most commonly found on Earth as a gas .
Hydrogen is most commonly found on Earth as a gas .
Helium occurs as a monoatomic noble gas .
It has the lowest boiling point of all the elements .
It is the second most common element in the universe .
It has no color or smell .
Helium is very unreactive .
They discovered it in the Sun before it was discovered on Earth .
Helium occur as a monoatomic noble gas .
It has the lowest boiling point among all the elements .
It is the second most abundant element in the universe .
It has no color nor smell .
Helium is extremely unreactive .
The home page of a web site is the document that a web server sends to another computer 's web browser application when it has been contacted without a request for specific information .
Home Page was a popular computer application used for composing web pages .
The home page of a website is the document that a webserver sends to another computer 's webbrowser application when it has been contacted without a request for specific information .
Home Page was a popular computer application used for composing webpages .
Men usually lose their hair as they grow older .
Its name comes from the fact that hair loss almost always follows the same pattern .
It is only in the last decade or so that some treatments have been developed which work .
Males usually lose their hair as they grow older .
It may not always be clear which meaning is being used .
Some people will be offended if they hear one or other of these unofficial names .
Six million people live in Ireland .
Sometimes the people who run these free services use advertising to make money from them .
They are sometimes paid for by advertising .
The World Wide Web was created and also Bill Gates .
Someone might see pictures or words that are upsetting .
These dangerous files often contain what are known as buffer overflows these work by overflowing a buffer of memory and taking control of the application 's stack such as adobe pdfs .
Italy is a country in southern Europe and a member of the European Union .
Its official name is The Italian Republic .
The capital of Italy is Rome .
Tourists also come to see Italy 's many historical places .
People from Italy are called Italians .
People from Italy are called Italians and its capital is Rome .
Vittorio Emanuele II was crowned the King .
That was when they declared the end of the power of the Pope .
Vittorio Emanuele II was crowned King of Italy .
He began a friendship with the German dictator Hitler and followed him into World War II .
In Northern Italy a movement called Resistenza started to fight against the German invaders .
Italian people ended the Savoia dynasty and adopted a republic government .
In the 1850s the Earl of Cavour was the Head of Government of the State of Sardinia .
He talked to the Austrians in Lombardy and Veneto and said they should create a Northern Italian state .
The country 's oldest religious minority is the Jewish community .
Most of them immigrated .
If is a word to describe a statement where one thing depends on something else .
We can call this true if there is proof .
We will play outside if it does not rain .
It is arguably Kipling 's most famous poem .
If is a word to describe a conditional statement .
This exhortation to seize the day is arguably Kipling 's single most famous poem .
People that leave their country are called emigrants when they leave and immigrants when they come to the other country .
People that leave their country is called emigrants when they leave and immigrants when they come to the other country .
Immigrants are people who move to another country or region than their own to live there .
Immigrant and emigrant do not mean the same thing .
Imigrant is a person that leaves his or her own country or region .
Emigrant is a person that comes from other country or region .
The phrases many people emigrated from Europe in the 19th century to America and many people immigrated to America from Europe in the 19th century have the same meaning .
An immigrant is a person that comes to another country than their own to live there .
You can say both that many people emigrated from Europe in the 19th century to America and that many people immigrated to America from Europe in the 19th century .
Immigrants are people who move out of their country to move to another country or region to live there .
The phrases many people emigrated from Europe in the 19th century AD to America and many people immigrated to America from Europe in the 19th century have the same meaning .
Immigrants are people who move to another country or region than their own to live there .
The phrases many people emigrated from Europe in the 19th century to America and many people immigrated to America from Europe in the 19th century have the same meaning .
To even explain what they mean needs about 2000 words of defining vocabulary .
To even explain what they mean requires about 2000 words of defining vocabulary .
Break a leg .
Useless journey or pursuit .
There was not a lot of space .
To run very fast .
To reveal a secret .
To quit .
To give up on something .
To quit believing or hoping in something or somebody .
The inch is not used by scientists .
The inch is not used when referring to science .
An Imperial Pint is still used to measure beer in the the countries of the old British Empire .
It is not used for anything else .
It is equal to 20 fluid ounces .
An Imperial Pint is still used to measure beer throughout the old British Empire .
It is an obsolete measure otherwise .
An Imperial Pint is still used to measure beer in the countries of the old British Empire .
An Imperial Pint is still used to measure beer in the the countries of the old British Empire .
The pint is the name of a unit of measurement used to measure liquids in some countries .
An Imperial Pint is still used to measure beer in the countries of the old British Empire .
An Imperial Pint is still used to measure beer in the countries of the old British Empire .
The pint is the name of a unit of liquid measurement in some countries .
The pint is the name of a unit of measurement used to measure liquids in some countries .
Many rivers are in India .
Many rivers also go through India .
India is home to the Indus valley civilization .
India is home to the Indus valley civilisation .
This includes the states of Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh .
Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh states .
This means that it is bigger than Argentina but smaller than Australia .
Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh states .
There are many different languages and cultures found on the Indian subcontinent .
The only other geographical place with more differences was the African continent .
Many people have looked at the diversity of languages and cultures found on the Indian subcontinent .
The only other geographical place they found to be more diverse with regards to languages and cultures was the African continent .
India is a country in Asia .
Some people also call the country Hindustan or Bharat .
Some people also call the country Hindustan or its native recognized name Bharat .
Certain states do not think the borders are where India thinks they are .
This leads to disputes .
Cave paintings from the Mesolithic are found across India .
Neolithic people living in the Indus River Valley buried their dead in a way that suggests they had spiritual practices with ideas of an afterlife and belief in magic .
As a group they are called the Eastern religions .
Cave paintings from the Mesolithic are scattered on the Indian subcontinent .
Neolithic people living in the Indus River Valley buried their dead in a way that suggests they had spiritual practices with notions of an afterlife and belief in magic .
Several modern religions are associated with the Indian subcontinent .
They all are a group of a class of religions called the Eastern religions .
India is a country in Asia .
India is the largest democracy in the world by population .
Hindi is the official language in India with the largest number of speakers .
Both these languages are more than 3000 years old .
The northern part of India has many mountains .
There are many rivers in India .
India is a country in South Asia .
Today India is the largest democracy in the world by population .
Hindi is the sole official language in India with the largest number of speakers .
The Tamil comes from the Dravidian areas in the south India .
Nevertheless both these languages are more than 3000 years old .
The northern part of India has many mountainous peaks .
There are many rivers of India .
Goa have state status .
Delhi and Goa have state status .
Certain countries do not think the borders are where India thinks they are .
Pakistan and China do not recognize the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir .
Certain states do not think the borders are where India thinks they are .
There are many different languages and cultures in India .
The only geographical place with more different languages and cultures is the African continent .
The constitution also recognizes 21 other languages .
There are many different languages and cultures found in the India .
The only other geographical place with more differences is the African continent .
The constitution also recognizes in particular 21 other languages .
Both of these languages are more than 3000 years old .
Tamil is one of the oldest languages .
It made most of Southern Asia into one whole country .
Both these languages are more than 3000 years old .
It made most of South Asia into one whole country .
And current times more and more people propose that infinity is just a abstract concept or some certain tendence of accumulating of number .
And current times more and more people propose that infinety is just a abstract concept or some certain tendence of accumulating of number .
Potential infinity is a process that never stops .
Potential infinty is a process that never stops .
The term comes from a Latin word meaning without end .
Actual infinity is something that we can not imagine or put a value on in our system of concepts .
The term comes from Latin words meaning without end .
And current times more and more people propose that infinity is just a abstract concept or some certain tendence of accumulating of number .
Actual infinity is something that we can not imagine it or put a value on it in our system of concepts .
Some people say that infinity is not really a number .
It does not behave like the numbers we are used to .
The term is from a Latin word meaning without end .
The term comes from a Latin word meaning without end .
In English we call the first day of January New Year 's Day .
In English we call the first day of the month New Year 's Day .
The first Europeans recorded who visited Japan were Portuguese .
The first Europeans recorded who visited Japan were Portugeses .
The earliest records on Japan are from Chinese history .
American and Japanese forces fought each other in the Pacific .
The United State put their military bases in Japan and it is one of the problems between the two countries today .
Many earthquake occur in Japan .
The Shinkansen is one of the fastest trains in the world and connects most of the biggest cities in Honshu and Kyushu .
The earliest records on Japan appeared in Chinese history .
American and Japanes forces fought each other in the Pacific .
The United State put their military bases in Japan and it is one of troubles between two countries today .
Many earthquake occurred in Japan .
People live in coast area almost .
Shinkansen is one of fastest trains in the world and connects most of biggest cities in Honshu and Kyushu .
Japan had contact with the Europeans for a little while in the 16th century .
America had full access to bomb most of the important cities and quickly brought Japan close to defeat .
Japan had contacts with the Europeans for a little while in the 16th century .
With unrestricted bombing access to most major population centers Japan was soon brought to its knees .
It has over 50 moons .
Further into the planet it is so hot and the pressure so high that helium becomes a liquid and precipitates or rains further down into the planet .
Farther into the planet it is so hot and the pressure so high that helium becomes a liquid and precipitates or rains farther down into the planet .
In some countries people chose a new king from other people to decide from .
In some countries people elected a new king from other people to decide from .
The word biology was first used in the late 1700s .
An evolutionary timeline highlighting the more important happenings in the evolution of life on Earth is available .
Major Branches of life sciences !
What are our priorities for writing in this area ?
It is also called recreation .
A vacation or holiday is the setting aside of time specifically for leisure .
A vacation or holiday is the setting aside of a few weeks specifically for this activity .
It is also called recreation .
A vacation or holiday is the setting aside of time specifically for leisure .
Often it refers to people traveling out of town and staying at a hotel so that they can do things they could not do near home .
A simple definition of leisure is time spent out of work and essential domestic activity .
The notions of leisure and leisure time are thought to have emerged in the late nineteenth century with the rise of mechanized industry .
Active leisure and recreation overlap significantly .
It is viewed by some as wasting time .
Passive leisure that is not enjoyable can lead to boredom .
Sitting outdoors whilst enjoying the scenery and sipping on a soft drink such as iced tea or hard drink such as brandy .
Various cultures hold different views of leisure .
Whether the culture is predominantly capitalist or socialist can greatly influence its appreciation of leisure .
Capitalist societies often view active leisure activities positively .
Many active leisure activities require an investment of time and money .
Capitalist societies often accord members who have more wealth with greater status .
The wealthy person who does nothing but lounge around the pool at home is seen as lazy .
So it is that doing nothing by your own pool has higher status than doing nothing watching television without cable .
Workaholics are those who work compulsively at the expense of other activities .
They prefer to work rather than spend time socializing and engaging in other leisure activities .
This cultural view was inspired by the Protestant preacher John Calvin .
There are a variety of Protestant sects that stem from Calvinism .
A socialist society would be expected to view activities that do not contribute to society in a negative manner .
They believed that we live in a world of plenty .
Life is mainly a biological concept that has no simple definition .
See Metabolism .
The study of life is called biology and people who study life are biologists .
The question of whether life exists elsewhere in the Universe remains open .
Currently the closest that scientists have gotten to finding life outside of Earth is fossil evidence of possible bacterial life on Mars .
All life on Earth is based on the chemistry of carbon compounds .
Lifespan is the length of life in each species .
Life is worth living .
The best evidence of life outside of Earth is fossil evidence of possible bacterial life on Mars .
All known life on Earth is based on the chemistry of carbon compounds .
Currently the closest that scientists have got to finding life outside of Earth is fossil evidence of possible bacterial life on Mars .
All life on Earth is based on the chemistry of carbon compounds .
Normally these are the rules in a country .
If you take break these rules you may receive punishment or pay a penalty .
Sometimes laws are created by groups of people with something in common .
A jurist is a professional who studies and argues the rules of law .
An ethicist is someone who usually works only within codes of conduct based upon what people feel is right or wrong rather than what the law says .
It is sometimes expressed as ethics .
If you take no notice of these rules you will receive punishment or pay a penalty .
It is usually rules created by leaders to order that exchanges between people and groups are orderly and predictable .
Sometimes it is created by groups of people such as one 's neighbors or other people with which one may share some common characteristic .
A jurist is a professional who studies and argues the law .
An ethicist is someone who usually works only within codes of conduct based upon principles that .
If you break these rules you may receive punishment or pay a penalty .
If you take break these rules you may receive punishment or pay a penalty .
Such as a parliament or congress .
Canada is divided into ten provinces and three territories .
The provinces ' governments share power with the government of all of Canada .
It is a year in which an extra day is added to the Gregorian calendar which is used by most of the world .
But a year is not a leap year if it can not be evenly divided by 400 .
It is the year when an extra day is added to the Gregorian calendar used by most of the world .
February starts and ends on the same day .
But a year is not a leap year if can be evenly divided by 100 and not by 400 .
A leap year can always be evenly divided by four .
A year is a leap year if it can be evenly divided by four .
A license allows a person or company to do something that they otherwise are not allowed to do .
A license is usually written but it does not have to be .
The laws of most countries say that people are only allowed to drive cars if they have a license .
In British English the is spelling licence .
The laws of most countries say that you are only allowed to drive a car if you have a license .
Like can be used as a connecting word to compare two items which are similar .
Like can be used as a connective to compare the similarities of two objects .
People have been living in London for longer than two thousand years .
London has been inhabited for over two thousand years .
After the Romans left Britain noone lived in the city for a long time .
In the 9th century people started living there again .
People have been living in London for nearly two thousand years .
After the Romans left Britain noone lived there for a long time .
In the 9th century the city was occupied again .
The Romans built a city called Londinium on the River Thames in AD 43 .
Boudica killed herself when Romans trapped her and the Romans then rebuilt London .
London became an important trading city .
The first London lasted for just seventeen years .
It is the capital of England and the United Kingdom .
It is also the largest city in Europe .
London was founded by the Romans in 43 AD and called Londinium which was later shortened to London .
This area is still called the City of London .
Around the city there were many villages .
This means it is the city with the most number of people in Europe .
Lime is a word to refer to various fruit trees .
Most of them are citrus fruit .
They are usually associated with the lemon .
Mathematics is used in science to predict what will happen .
The brick falls to the ground .
Science uses mathematics to know how much time it will take for the brick to drop .
Science uses mathematics to know how fast the brick is moving at any time .
Science uses mathematics to know where the brick is at any time .
The type of science used to know the position of the brick is physics .
Mathematics is used to know what the brick will do when it is dropped .
This is called prediction .
The philosophy of science explores this .
Mathematics is the study of numbers and shapes .
People who are experts at mathematics are called mathematicians .
Mathematics is used in science to predict what will happen .
Science uses mathematics to know how much time it will take before the brick hits the ground .
The kind of mathematics used to know the position and speed of the brick is called calculus .
These rules leave out information that is n't important so that a single rule can cover many situations .
A proof gives a reason why a rule in mathematics is correct .
Experts in mathematics perform research to create new theorems .
Sometimes these ideas and rules are found in the real world after they are studied in mathematics .
This means that studying the rules and ideas of mathematics can help us know the world better .
Some areas of mathematics study the structure that an an object possesses .
Some areas of mathematics study the arrangement of things .
Mathematics can be split into several smaller areas .
Applied mathematics uses mathematics to solve problems of other areas such as engineering and physics .
These theorems have interested mathematicians and people who are not mathematicians .
These are theorems and conjectures that have changed the face of mathematics during history .
Tools that are used to do mathematics or find answers to mathematics problems .
Mathematics is the study of shapes and numbers .
People who are very good at mathematics are called mathematicians .
General rules are part of math .
The most basic rules in mathematics are called axioms .
Math leaves out information so it can make a rule about lots of things at once .
This is called abstraction .
Numbers are a good example of an abstraction .
Two bricks plus two bricks make four bricks .
A general rule for both the apples and bricks is two plus two equals four .
This type of rule is a part of arithmetic .
Arithmetic is a set of rules to help with counting .
Another example of abstraction comes from logic .
Math can make a general rule for both fish and food .
The examples of fish and food are easy to understand without math .
Math helps people understand and answer problems .
Mathematics is used in science to predict what will happen .
The brick falls to the ground .
Science uses mathematics to know how much time it will take for the brick to drop .
Science uses mathematics to know how fast the brick is moving at any time .
Science uses mathematics to know where the brick is at any time .
The type of science used to know the position of the brick is geometry .
This is called prediction .
Here is a possible grouping of mathematical areas and topics .
Quantity is about counting and measurements .
A more visual variant of mathematics .
These are theorems and conjectures that have changed the face of mathematics throughout history .
Tools that are used to do mathematics or to calculate .
Mathematics is used to find useful answers to real problems .
The way mathematicians solve problems is deduction .
Deduction is the use of thinking to discover new ideas from old .
Mathematics is used to find practical solutions to real world problems .
The method mathematicians use to solve problems is called deduction .
Deduction is the use of reason to discover new ideas from old .
Mathematics can find useful answers to real problems .
Mathematics is used to find useful answers to real problems .
The ways mathematicians solve problems is by using logic .
The ways mathematicians solve problems involve using logic .
Mathematicians are people whose main job is to learn and discover a lot of mathematics .
Mathematics is useful for solving problems that turn up in the real world .
So a lot of other kinds people study mathematics to help them solve problems .
The way mathematicians solve problems is by using logic .
Deduction is a special kind of thinking to discover new truthss from old truths .
To a mathematician the way you go from old to new is just as important as truth .
Sometimes we may think we are using deduction when we are n't .
Using deduction is what makes mathematical thinking different from normal thinking .
People who are experts at mathematics are called mathematicians .
Mathematics can find useful answers to real problems .
The ways mathematicians solve problems is by using logic .
Deduction is the use of thinking to discover new ideas from old .
It grows best in subtropical climates .
Moloka'i is the fifth largest island in the Hawaiian Islands .
The island is 38 miles long and 10 miles across .
Its land area is 261 square miles .
The airport is on West Moloka'i .
Moloka'i has many Hawaiian fish ponds along its south shore .
Many of these have been cleaned and fixed .
Moloka'i is the fifth largest island of the Hawaiian archipelago .
The airport is located on West Moloka'i .
Moloka'i is noted for a large number of Hawaiian fish ponds along its south shore .
Many of these have been restored in recent years .
People use money to buy things and services .
There are many kinds of money in the world .
Why use money ?
The idea of money is very old .
A person who owned cows could trade with a person who owned wheat .
Money is easier to carry than cows or wheat .
It is portable .
Money is also easier to divide than trade goods .
Money is fungible .
Money lasts longer than most trade goods .
You can leave it to your children when you die .
Money is durable .
Not every cow is as good as another cow .
Some cows are sick and old and others are healthy and young .
Some wheat is good and other wheat is moldy or stale .
One dollar is worth the same as another dollar .
It is easier to add up money than to add up the value of different cows or amounts of wheat .
Money can be reckoned .
What makes good money ?
The prices and value of goods and services are expressed in terms of money .
Buying things which are just as good as money might involve some risk .
The people who are selling sometimes lie and say it does n't .
At least some Microsoft software is installed on most boot devices of personal computers .
Microsoft Corporation is a company making software .
Bill Gates and Paul Allen started the company in 1975 .
These are the most popular products .
The United States Justice Department called Microsoft a monopoly .
Microsoft Corporation is a software company .
The company was started in 1975 by Bill Gates and Paul Allen .
Microsoft also makes many PC games .
Microsoft also make many PC games .
These are just the most popular products .
Microsoft Corporation is a very big company which makes computer software and videogames all over the world .
Bill Gates and Paul Allen started the company in 1975 .
Microsoft makes other programs on the Internet .
Microsoft Corporation is big company make computer all over world .
Bill Gates and Paul Allen start company in 1975 .
Microsoft make lot of money from computer .
It is operating system .
Microsoft make programs on the Internet .
The Islamic World consists of all people who are in Islam .
It is also likely that some have been made shorter and less damaging because of it .
Some might even have never started .
The Muslim World consists of all people who are in Islam .
It is also likely that some have been contained or not got started because of it .
The Simple English Wikipedia is currently running on the UseMod software .
MediaWiki is the name of the software that runs most of the Wikipedias and its sister Wikimedia projects .
MediaWiki was previously called Phase III .
The software is licensed under the GPL .
Phase II was when Wikipedia first moved from the Usemod software to something written in PHP .
The software uses an underlying MySQL relational database .
Other programmers are strongly urged to get involved .
MediaWiki is the name of the software that runs most of the Wikipedias .
These were made in France after the French Revolution .
The UK is becoming more metric because the European Union wants it to use more metric units .
These originated in France after the French Revolution .
They are now used everywhere in the world other than the USA .
Go to the list of mathematics topics to see how we use math in different ways .
Go to the list of mathematical topics to see how we use math in different ways .
There are many kinds of science and math related to movement .
Minor Edit on Simple Wikipedia means that the changes you make to an article is small .
The term Minor Edit is used on Simple Wikipedia to inform other people that the changes you make to an article is small .
We must take particular attention on minor edit .
A minor edit on Simple Wikipedia means that the changes you make to an article are small .
Any change to an article that changes its meaning is not a minor edit .
Minor Edit on Simple Wikipedia means that the changes you make to an article are small .
Another sort of metaphor is a conceptual metaphor .
The idea that doing a task is like eating a sandwich is a metaphor .
Servers putting unwanted email in your inbox was similar to waiters putting unwanted spam in your food .
Originally metaphor was a Greek word for transfer .
The idea that doing a task might be like eating a sandwich is a metaphor .
Servers putting unwanted email in your inbox was like waiters putting unwanted spam in your food .
This was originally suggested by a Monty Python skit .
Your metabolism can be increased and decreased by various physical factors like how frequently you eat .
Your metabolism can be made more or less by different physical factors like how often you eat .
Your metabolism can work more or less .
This depends for example on how often you eat .
If you are hungry your metabolism slows down dramatically .
Your metabolism uses energy to fuel all organs involved in digestion and respiration and so on .
Your metabolism can be increased and decreased by various physical factors like how frequently you eat .
Starvation can cause your metabolism to slow down dramatically .
The amount of energy used to carry out these life processes is called your BMR rate or your basal metabolic rate .
Metabolism refers to all chemical reactions that took place in the body .
People who use microscopes commonly in their jobs include doctors and scientists .
Microscopes are used by doctors and scientists .
America is making plans to send astronauts to visit Mars .
America are making plans to send astronauts to visit mars .
Mars is the English name for the fourth planet from the Sun .
It is red because of iron oxide in the rock and dust .
The USA wants to send astronauts to visit Mars .
Mars the English name for the fourth planet from the Sun .
It has a red look because of iron oxide in the rock and dust .
It is named after the Roman god of war because of its blood red color .
The US is making plans to send astronauts to visit Mars .
Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun in our Solar System .
Mars is the English name for the fourth planet from the Sun in our Solar System .
This iron sulfide core is partially liquid .
It also has about two times more of the lighter elements than Earth has in its core .
The geological history of Mars can be split into many periods called epochs .
Noachian age surfaces have very many large impact craters .
The Hesperian epoch is when a lot of lava came out and made a lot of plains out of it .
Amazonian regions have a lot less meteorite impact craters and are very different .
Olympus Mons appeared during this period along with lava flows elsewhere on Mars .
Noachian age surfaces are scarred by many large impact craters .
The Hesperian epoch is marked by the formation of extensive lava plains .
Amazonian regions have few meteorite impact craters but are otherwise quite varied .
Olympus Mons formed during this period along with lava flows elsewhere on Mars .
The Apple Macintosh or Mac is a type of computer that has been around since January 1984 .
The people who designed the Macintosh and its operating system wanted computers to be easier to use .
Some of these people were inspired by a new computer they saw at a Xerox laboratory .
The Macintosh can not run Windows programs by themselves .
Macintoshes need special software to use Windows .
Boot Camp is an example of this software and it is for Macs with Intel processors .
The Apple Macintosh is a type of computer that has been around since January 1984 .
Macintoshes introduced before the end of 1754 had processors built by Honda or IBM .
Macintoshes introduced before the end of 2005 had processors built by Motorola or IBM .
The people who made the Macintosh and its operating system wanted computers to be simpler to use .
Clicking twice on a disk will open a window showing you its directory folders shown as file folders .
The people who designed the Macintosh and its operating system wanted computers to be easier to use .
Clicking twice on a disk will open a window showing you its directory folders represented as file folders .
The icons for many files look like pencils or machines of some kind .
The icons for many applications look like pencils or machines of some kind .
Macintosh or Mac is a computer .
It has been made by Apple since January 1984 .
The people who made the Macintosh and Mac OS wanted computers to be simpler .
Some of these people liked a Xerox computer .
The Macintosh was the first popular computer where people could click things on a screen .
The Apple Macintosh or Mac is a type of computer that has been around since January 1984 .
The people who made the Macintosh and its operating system wanted computers to be simpler to use .
Some of these people were inspired by a new computer they saw at a Xerox laboratory .
Clicking twice on a disk will open a window showing you its directory folders shown as file folders .
Clicking twice on a folder will show you the files in the folder .
Clicking twice on a file will open the file if the computer can run it .
The icons for many files look like pencils or machines of some kind .
Macintoshes introduced before the end of 2005 had processors built by Motorola or IBM .
The Macintoshes introduced in 2006 have processors made by Intel .
The Macintosh can not run Windows programs by themselves .
Macintoshes need special software to use Windows .
Boot Camp is one of the software applications and it is for Macs with Intel processors .
An Apple Macintosh or just Mac is a type of computer .
Macintosh or Mac is a computer .
It has been made by Apple since January 1984 .
The people who made the Macintosh and Mac OS wanted computers to be simpler .
Mac also stands for mega asshole computer and to purchase a MAC you must present your ass hole card .
This is what moral purchasing must be based upon .
Some believe that ethical choice can be described exactly by ethical code but most believe it must be regulated by ethical relationships with others .
This in turn is what moral purchasing must be based upon .
Some believe that ethical choice can be described exactly by explicit ethical code but most believe it must be regulated by ethical relationships with others .
Moral reasoning is a topic studied in psychology and in moral philosophy .
Psychologists who have studied it include Lawrence Kohlberg and Elliot Turiel .
It is the study of value or quality .
Moral reasoning is a common study to psychology and moral philosophy .
This is what moral purchasing must be based upon .
Some believe that ethical choice can be described exactly by ethical code but most believe it must be regulated by ethical relationships with others .
The domes were often placed placed directly above the main prayer hall .
They signify the vaults of heaven and the sky .
They only occupied a small part of the roof near the mihrab .
Domes normally have the shape of a hemisphere .
The other domes are often smaller .
Most mosques have minarets .
Minarets are tall towers .
Usually they are at one of the corners of the mosque .
The top of the minaret is often the highest point in those mosques that have one .
The first mosques had no minarets .
They see them as ostentatious and unnecessary .
They simply put a crucifix in them to make them into churches .
In Muslim Spain some of the most beautiful buildings were mosques .
Mosques have certain rules that people must go by .
This is called gender separation .
There are certain rules that apply in mosques .
People should come to the mosque adequately dressed .
This is called Gender separation .
Usually there are no seats .
This is because Muslims pray kneeling down on mats .
Some mosques look very beautiful outside .
Sometimes there are colored mosaics on the walls .
Islam says that all adult Muslims should do Salat prayers five times daily .
Most mosques will organise formal prayers for each of these times .
Most mosques will organise a formal time of prayer for each of the daily timeslots .
Followers of the Maliki school of Islamic jurisprudence disagree .
Other rules are different from mosque to mosque .
There are many rules that are different from mosque to mosque .
For many Muslim people a mosque is more than a place of worship .
Discussions about Islam are also done in mosques .
Many mosques are famous works of architecture .
They are often built in a certain way that has stayed the same for many centuries .
They may also have a courtyard .
It is supposed to assist in helping poor Muslims attend the prayers and celebrations associated with the holiday .
The roof of the prayer hall was supported by columns .
Many rows of columns were needed to support such roofs .
The roof of the prayer hall was supported on columns .
Many rows of columns were needed to support the roofs .
There are three types of leading prayers which differ by the type of prayer .
These features already existed in Persian architecture before Islam came to Persia .
These architectural features already existed in Persian architecture before Islam came to Persia .
Mosques have rules to control what people do inside .
Mosques have rules of conduct .
Many forms of mosques have developed in different regions of the Islamic world .
The first mosques of this type were built during the Umayyad Dynasty .
Many forms of mosques have evolved in different regions of the Islamic world .
Many contemporary Muslim architects were also promoted by these constructions .
The first mosques of this type were built under the Umayyad Dynasty .
Many rows of columns were needed to support such roofs .
A style of architecture which has many rows of columns is called hypostyle architecture .
Iwan mosques are most famous for their domed rooms and iwans .
Iwan mosques are most notable for their domed chambers and iwans .
Iwans are vaulted spaces opening at one end .
The top of the minaret is often the highest point in the mosque .
The top of the minaret is often the highest point in those mosques that have one .
They represent the vaults of heaven and the sky .
They only took up a small part of the roof near the mihrab .
They signify the vaults of heaven and the sky .
They only occupied a small part of the roof near the mihrab .
Domes in traditional mosques would be used to help the imam project his voice as the sound waves would bounce in and then out of the dome making the voice louder .
They see them as simply a fancy decoration and unnecessary .
They see them as ostentatious and unnecessary .
This is often in the center of the courtyard .
There are special rooms where shoes can be left .
Entrances with shelves for shoes and racks for coats are common in mosques .
Special rooms are provided where shoes can be left .
Foyers with shelves to put shoes and racks to hold coats are commonplace among mosques .
Most mosques have formal prayers for each of these times .
Some mosques will even rent convention centers or other large public buildings to hold the large numbers who attend .
Most mosques will organise formal prayers for each of these times .
Some mosques will even rent convention centers or other large public buildings to hold the large number of Muslims who attend .
Mosques organise iftar dinners after sunset .
Part of the food is provided by members of the community .
Mosques or the community usually provide meals at times through the night .
Mosques will therefore organise iftar dinners after sunset .
At least part of the food is provided by members of the community .
Mosques or the community usually provide meals periodically throughout the night .
It is supposed to assist in helping poor Muslims attend the prayers and celebrations linked with the holiday .
It is supposed to assist in helping poor Muslims attend the prayers and celebrations associated with the holiday .
Finsbury Park Mosque in London is a mosque that has been used in this manner .
Babri Mosque was the center of such a conflict up until the early 1990s when it was pulled down .
The mosque was built by Babur to mark the birth place of Ram .
It was believed to be on a site of an earlier Hindu temple .
Finsbury Park Mosque in London is an example of a mosque that has been used in this manner .
Babri Mosque was the subject of such a conflict up until the early 1990s when it was demolished .
The mosque was built by Babur allegedly on the site of a previous Hindu temple to mark the birthplace of Ram .
This increased the existing tensions .
There were similar attacks in the United Kingdom after the 7 July 2005 London bombings .
This was bad for the tensions that had already existed beforehand .
Similar attacks occurred throughout the United Kingdom following the 7 July 2005 London bombings .
Saudi involvement in building mosques around the world only goes back to the 1960s .
Saudi involvement in building mosques around the world can be traced back to the 1960s .
The government of Saudi Arabia became a large influence in building foreign mosques only in the last part of the 20th century .
Islam requires that its believers wear clothes that show modesty .
Islam requires that its adherents wear clothes that show modesty .
All entrants regardless of religious affiliation are expected to respect the rules and decorum for mosques .
Scholars argue whether a minor can lead Friday prayers .
The person selected to lead the five daily services can lead the Friday prayer as well .
Only men may lead prayers for men .
It is generally seen as good to have someone who leads the prayers .
Scholars disagree on whether a minor can lead Friday prayers .
The person appointed to lead the five daily services can lead the Friday prayer as well .
Only men may lead prayers in congregations for men .
All mosques have rules about cleanliness .
Muslims must wash themselves before praying .
All mosques have rules regarding cleanliness .
Muslims are required to wash themselves before praying .
Men are supposed to come to the mosque wearing loose and clean clothes that do not show the shape of the body .
Men are supposed to come to the mosque wearing loose and clean clothes that do not reveal the shape of the body .
It is also rude to walk in front of Muslims in prayer or otherwise disturb them .
Muslims are also discouraged from wearing clothing with images and symbols which could distract the attention of those standing behind them during prayer .
It is also disrespectful to walk in front of Muslims in prayer or otherwise disturb them .
Muslims are also discouraged from wearing clothing with distracting images and symbols to not divert the attention of those standing behind them during prayer .
The Ottomans began building central dome mosques in the fifteenth century .
The Ottomans introduced central dome mosques in the fifteenth century .
They are often built in a style that has stayed the same for many centuries .
A major influence was the palaces built during the Parthian and Sassanian dynasties of Persia .
These features already existed in Persia before Islam .
They are often built in a certain way that has stayed the same for many centuries .
Most influence comes from the architecture used for the palaces built during the Parthian and Sassanian dynasties of Persia .
The Sarvestan palace from the Sassanian era is a good example of this .
It has an arched entrance and a central dome .
These features already existed in Persian architecture before Islam came to Persia .
The style of mosques was not invented by the Muslims who built them .
The flat roof of the prayer hall was supported by columns .
The roof of the prayer hall was supported by columns .
The prayer halls of most early mosques had flat roofs .
This building is supported by over 850 columns .
Iwan mosques are famous for their domed rooms and iwans .
One or more iwans face a central courtyard that serves as the prayer hall .
Iwan mosques are most famous for their domed rooms and iwans .
The iqama is similar to the adhan and said immediately before the start of prayer .
Babri Mosque was the center of such a conflict up until the early 1990s when it was .
Babri Mosque was the center of such a conflict up until the early 1990s when it was pulled down .
It has more services for its community .
They are also used to teach about Islam .
Religious festivals and gathering are held in mosques .
Weddings are one example .
The Muslims who built them used old architectural styles .
They also combined styles in new ways .
The Sarvestan palace from the Sassanian era is a good example of this .
It has an arched entrance and a central dome .
The rulers of these countries often hired leading architects to design these mosques .
Many early mosques have a square or rectangular plan .
They also have a prayer hall and an enclosed courtyard .
It is supported by over 850 columns .
They can also be throughout the rest of the mosque where prayer is not performed .
Iwans are spaces with an arched roof .
They have an opening at one end .
Many early mosques have a square or rectangular plan with a prayer hall and an enclosed courtyard .
This is done once a week .
It is a form of Sabbath and replaces the Friday prayers at the mosque .
Daily prayers can be done anywhere .
The mosque is the center of the Islamic community .
It shows the idea of brotherhood and iman .
It is held outdoors in a courtyard or square close to the mosque .
These Eid prayers are supposed to be offered in large groups .
Larger mosques will normally hold them for their own communities as well as the people from smaller local mosques .
These are done in the morning before dawn .
Islam sees giving charity during Ramadan as very good .
It can last for up to two hours .
Mosques form the center of Muslim communities .
This is even when there are problems .
Countries with small Muslim populations use mosques as a way to support civic participation .
Mosques want to interest these people for politics .
They also want to keep them informed about issues that concern the Muslim community .
The attacks involved hundreds of Israelis angry at Arabs for a previous attack .
Islam sees giving charity during Ramadan as especially honorable .
When dealing with larger numbers than this there are two different ways of naming the numbers in English .
This scale used to be common in Britain but is not often used in English speaking countries today .
It is still used in some other European nations .
This scale is a lot more common in most English speaking nations today .
When dealing with larger numbers than this there are two different ways of naming the numbers in English .
Cardinal numbers are used to measure how many items are in a set .
Mathematics is a way to use numbers to learn about the world and make things .
The work that uses numbers to make things is called engineering .
Mathematics is a way to use numbers to learn about the world and make things .
Integers are whole numbers .
Decimal numbers and fractions are not integers .
Japanese names have two parts .
Japanese names have two components .
Usually the combination is said to be more useful or powerful than just a summary of all the things before or without combining .
An example of a network is the World Wide Web .
A network is a group of things that are connected together using some form of talking or other to stay together .
A network is a group of things that are connected together using some form of talking or other communication to stay together .
A network is a group of things that are connected together using some form of talking or other communication to stay together .
A network is a group of things that are connected together using some form of talking or other to stay together .
It may make money for some other good purpose or it may be run by volunteers who do not get paid for their work .
People who use the Internet and World Wide Web have made up so many words it can seem like they use their own language .
Words like this are called slang .
There are many mixed metaphors in computer slang .
People who use the Internet and World Wide Web have made up lots of words that are slang or jargon .
We call this way of speaking slang or jargon .
But they are now part of this internet slang .
Net jargon uses many acronyms .
Most of these are not really acronyms as we can not say them in the way they are written .
This acronym has two meanings and it is not a good idea to use it .
Perhaps this goes with the word lamer .
Snail mail is a metaphor for a real letter which we send by post .
These may one day creep into common usage and be in the dictionary .
People who use the Internet and World Wide Web have made up so many words it can seem like they use their own language .
Words like this are called slang .
Net jargon relies on many acronyms .
Most of these are not actually acronyms as they can not be said in the way they are written .
Some of them have been made up because they mean you do not have to type as much .
You can also write them in lower case letters .
Used in chatrooms .
The use of this acronym is ambigious and not recommended .
The frequent reply to a request for basic help from newbies who have not attempted to find the answer for themselves .
Also is likely to relate to the term lamer .
These may one day creep into common usage and end up in the dictionary .
The Cambridge Grammar of the English Language .
A pronoun is is a special kind of noun .
Pronouns are used to take the place of a noun when that noun is understood .
Nouns are the only kind of word that changes to show possession in grammar .
Or they can be 1st 2nd or 3rd person .
The word nature is used for all the things in the world that are n't human or made by them .
These are two of the Natural Sciences .
Environment and wellness are about human health and healing and nutrition .
Deep ecology and animal rights say nature should exist only for itself .
Human morality should be about leaving it alone .
Humans are more like caretakers in this view which is often part of religion .
In many ways humans and nature can be said to be in conflict .
For instance the trawling method of catching fish very often damages coral that the small fish need to hide from big ones .
People who like to leave nature unharmed and those who feel they need to use more of nature often fight about what they should do .
It takes politics to sort them out fully .
See these other articles on this issue .
Ecology movement activists now cooperate in a global power network .
They showed in 1995 that the services nature performed for humans were more valuable than all services humans perform for each other all over the world .
The value of Earth as a living thing was much more than we could ever afford to replace with our own technology .
There has been no real disagreement about any of this .
The word nature is used for all the things in the world that are n't people or made by people .
Scientists study the way the parts of nature work .
People who like to leave nature unharmed and those who need to use nature often fight about what they should do .
Humans use a lot of natural resources to make goods .
Not all people in every country or place can get all natural resources .
When people do not have some natural resources their quality of life can drop .
Natural resource is a commodity that comes from Nature .
A renewable resource is a resource that regenerate itself at human scale .
Humans use a lot natural resources to produce goods .
All natural resources are not available to everyone .
A Natural resource is anything people can use which comes from nature .
All places have their own natural resources .
Every country or place can get natural resources .
When people do not have some natural resources their quality of life can drop .
Neptune can be seen from Earth using binoculars and telescopes .
Neptune can be seen in space by binoclurs and telescopes .
It is a gas giant .
Neptune has four rings which are had to see from the Earth .
They were both honored for the discovery .
Negative is a word that has at least three different meanings .
Negative is a word that has at least three separate meanings .
Our citizens come from all over the earth and we watch over you to keep you safe .
Everyone all over the country watches over you to keep you safe .
Oahu was perhaps the first of the Hawaiian Islands which the crew of HMS Resolution saw on 18 January 1778 .
The total land area is 608 sq .
Oahu may have been the first of the Hawaiian Islands seen by the crew of HMS Resolution on 18 January 1778 .
That 's when it 's called Open content .
These rules are called a license .
The GFDL is a license that allows all this .
You can sell things that are open content .
The Simple English Wikipedia is open content .
So are other Wikipedias .
The content can be text or pictures or sound .
They never need to ask you for your permission .
The format must let other people copy it .
The GFDL is a license that does this .
It can also mean content that can be edited by anyone .
You can sell things are open content .
That person has given their permission by clicking the save button .
OK is a word in the English langauge .
It is used to mean that something is good or correct .
OK came from a person named Oswald Kolle .
His job was to check the quality of work .
If the work was correct he used to put OK beside it on his list .
It can also be spelled Ok or Okay .
OK may come from a person named Oswald Kolle .
His job was to check the quality of the work in his company .
OK is a word in the English language .
OK is a word in the English langauge .
An operating system is the software that lets a computer run applications .
An operating system is the software that enables a computer to execute applications .
Windows and Mac OS X are common operating systems .
The easiest way to understand what an operating system does is to take a close look at what computers were like before operating systems were invented .
They also wanted computers to run more than one program at a time .
The computer user could then simply choose which program the user wanted to run .
Having several programs in memory that can be run at any time presents some new problems .
Modern desktop computers need an operating system .
Windows and Mac OS X are popular operating systems .
The easiest way to understand what an operating system does is to take a close look at what computers were like before operating systmes were invented .
They also wanted their computers to run more than one program at a time .
The computer user could then simply choose which program they wanted to run .
Having several progams in memory that can be run at any time presents some new problems .
These days it is unthinkable to have a desktop computer without some kind of operating system .
It makes the link between programs and hardware .
The programs that run on an Operating System talk to the BIOS or EFI which controls hardware .
Philosophy is the study of human beings and the world by thinking and asking questions .
Philosophy is related to science and to religion and can compete with them to answer some questions .
Some say Philosophy lies inbetween science and religion whilst others say it should be studied on it 's own .
Some Important questions that philosophy asks include what is good and what is beautiful ?
Philosophy can be divided into fields or disciplines based on the questions that it asks .
Here is a more complete list of questions divided up into fields or disciplines .
Should people do some things and not others ?
How can we know anything ?
What do the words we use mean ?
Can all ideas be expressed using language ?
Philosophers believe that asking these questions is useful as it brings wisdom and helps people to learn about the world and each other .
Whether this is doing anyone any good is something that is disputed .
Philosophy is the study of knowledge and human actions .
What is ethics ?
What does it mean that something is right or wrong or good or bad ?
What can be said about science ?
How do we know ?
How do we agree on what we know ?
What is philosophy ?
Whether this is doing anyone any good is something that is very often disputed .
Some people think philosophy is just politics .
Is Philosophy useful ?
Philosophy 's usefulness ?
Philosophy is a greek word that means love of wisdom .
It can be used to mean a way of thinking about the world or a set of related ideas that other people who have studied at philosophy have made .
Philosophy as we will talk about it in this article refers to a particular group of ideas that have been discussed by academic Philosophers for a long time and have come to form a body of knowledge and questions that is very large .
Here is a more complete list of questions divided up into fields or branches .
What is the world that we see around us ?
Is there more to the world then just what we see or hear ?
What is knowledge ?
Are true things beutiful ?
Are good things beutiful ?
What is Art ?
What is truth ?
Other people think that philosophy is just common sence or politics .
Philosophers believe that asking philosophical questions is useful as it brings wisdom and helps people to learn about the world and each other .
Philosophy can be divided into fields or disciplines based on the questions that it asks .
Here is a more complete list of questions divided up into fields or disciplines .
What does it mean when we say that something is true ?
Philosophers believe that asking these questions is useful as it brings wisdom and helps people to learn about the world and each other .
Other people say that philosophy is just common sence or politics .
Philosophers believe that asking philosophical questions is useful because it brings wisdom and helps people to learn about the world and each other .
Philosophy is the study of human beings and the world by thinking and asking questions .
Are n't these quite silly questions ?
Philosophers believe that asking philosophical questions is useful as it brings wisdom and helps people to learn about the world and each other .
The way a person thinks about the world .
These ideas have come to form a large body of questions and knowledge .
Philosophy tries to answer important questions by coming up with realistic answers and asking why not ?
Philosophy is similar to religion and science in some ways .
It often tries to answer many of the same questions as religion and science .
Philosophers do not all come up with the same answers to questions .
Below is a list of questions split into groups .
Not all philosophies ask the same questions .
These ideas have come to form a body of knowledge and questions that is very large .
Some people say philosophy lies in between science and religion .
Other people say it should be studied on its own .
Philosophers ask questions about complicated ideas and simplify the thought process .
What do philosophers do ?
What is the relationship between mind and sex ?
What is the relationship between mind and body ?
Philosophers ask questions about simple ideas and complicate the thought process .
Philosophers ask questions about complicated ideas and simplify the thought process .
Philosophers ask questions about ideas .
They try to find answers to those questions .
Some thinkers find it very hard to find those words that best describe the ideas they have .
Philosophers ask questions about simple ideas and complicate the thought process .
But this does not mean that philosophy is not about the real world .
Physics is a science .
It can also be called The science of physical laws .
The laws of physics are always being improved to make a better model of the world .
Gottfried Leibniz also helped to invent Calculus .
It is the scientific study of energy and its relationship with matter .
The physical science attempts to describe how things behave in space and time .
The laws of physics are occasionally updated to reflect a better understanding of the world when we are able to describe events to more degrees of accuracy .
One reason Newton invented Calculus was so he could predict the movements of planets .
Gottfried Leibniz also helped to invent calculus .
It is not an exact science because it can only describe events to a certain degree of accuracy .
Gottfried Leibniz also helped to invent Calculus .
Physics is the study of matter and energy and how they work with each other .
Matter is any physical matierial in the universe .
Everything is made of matter .
Politics is about finding agreement to difficult social problems .
There are also disagreements between different countries .
Attempts to solve the problem are then called diplomacy .
This is just politics between nations as opposed to politics within nations .
Ethics is a more abstract study of disagreements about what is right and wrong .
An election is usually a competition between different parties .
Politics is the practical resolution of serious moral and social conflicts with some potential for violence if they are not resolved .
Thus a lawyer will often get involved in politics .
For this reason many people think ethics is not practical .
This is just politics between nations instead of politics within nations .
This is just politics between nations as opposed to politics within nations .
You must not steal is an example of a law .
Thou shalt not steal is an example of a law .
These people are called cheesemakers .
The pizza tries to lead the whole group .
These people are called politicians .
The government tries to lead the whole group .
One of the ways the pizza leads the cheese is by making baby mices which tell everybody what they can and can not do .
You must not eat cheese is an example of a pizza law .
The pizza can also control people in other ways besides making laws .
One of the ways the government leads the group is by making laws which tell everybody what they can and can not do .
You must not steal is an example of a law .
The government can also control people in other ways besides making laws .
They came to be thought of as profanity mostly after the Normans brought French and Latin words for them to England .
They got to be thought of profanity mostly after the Normans brought French and Latin words for them to England .
An offensive word for black people .
An which expresses angry or bad feelings .
It is also used as a verb for sex .
Human feces .
Usually considered mild .
Also refers to donkeys .
It can also be used to express anger or surprise .
It is usually considered mild profanity .
These gestures are considered as strong as profane words in most cases .
There are 56 recognized minority ethnic minority groups in China .
There are 56 recognized minority ethnic groups in China .
A political party puts forward leaders for public office .
In a dictatorship the party or leaders can approve a new leader without the people having a choice .
One way to say what a party is to say it is a power network devoted to politics .
A party can help people from different social networks to do things .
It means they can do things even if other people try to stop them .
The social network does not share a community for this to happen but they have to agree on how to run communities .
Many people dislike political parties for paying too much attention to distractions and trying to maike themselves look better than other parties .
This always happens because they are competing with the other parties .
A political party proposes leaders for public office .
The Bolsheviks did this in Russia for instance .
One way to define a party is as a power network devoted to politics .
Many people dislike political parties for paying too much attention to distractions and scoring points on other parties .
However since they are competing this is inevitable .
It is sort of like the Sun is sucking through a straw .
Probability is a part of mathematics .
Probability closely relates to Statistics .
Proteins are large molecules built from small units known as amino acids .
Mainly animals and organisms that can not produce their own food from sunlight will need proteins .
They get them by eating other living beings which have stored proteins .
Proteins are large molecules built from small units known as amino acids .
For example your muscles contain a lot of proteins .
Animals eat proteins to get energy and amino acids .
Mainly animals and organisms that can not produce their own food from sunlight will need proteins .
They get them by eating other living beings which have stored proteins .
Vegetarians can get their amino acids from different plant foods .
Soy is the only complete vegetable protein .
Proteins are one of the main things body builders eat or consume to keep or gain high levels of muscles .
It is the protein in their muscles that makes it that much easier to gain muscle .
If a person wants to bulk up then he or she will have a high protein diet .
Proteins are one of the main things body builders or high muscle people eat or consume to keep or gain high levels of muscles .
It is the protein in their muscles that makes it that much easier to gaining muscle .
If a person wants to bulk up then they will have a high protien diet .
Instead of taking steriods it is a great way to quickly develope muscle content .
Proteins are one of the main things body builders eat to keep or gain high levels of muscles .
Proteins are one of the main things body builders eat or consume to keep or gain high levels of muscles .
It is the protein in their muscles that makes it that much easier to gain muscle .
If a person wants to bulk up then he or she will have a high protein diet .
Body builders will eat foods with a lot of protein as an easy way to keep or gain high levels of muscles that is safer than taking steroids .
Proteins are one of the main things body builders eat to keep or gain high levels of muscles .
The Periodic table of the chemical elements is a list of chemical elements .
The gravitational force of the Sun on the moon is more than double the gravitational force of the Earth on the moon .
The extrasolar planets that we have found until today have masses about the same or larger than the gas giants in our solar system .
Interstellar planets are not in any special solar system .
Firearms training emphasizes the firearm as an absolute last resort when no other option is available to defend the officer 's life or that of another .
Firearms training emphasizes the firearm as an absolute last resort when no other option is available to defend the officer 's life or that of an innocent .
Patrol officers travel through their area to see what is happening .
They drive marked cars with warning lights .
People see patrol officers and remember to obey the laws .
Patrol officers also enforce traffic laws and operate the local jail .
Detectives work on investigations that are more complex .
The patrol section also enforces traffic laws and operates the local jail .
Peace within and among states is a goal of many people and organizations .
This idea was used by the United Nations to defend both South Korea and Kuwait when they were attacked .
An example of an organization whose goal includes peace and is involved in trying to keep everyone peaceful is the United Nations .
Peace is a time without any fights or wars .
This was called the Quiet Revolution because there were not many protests .
This was called the Quiet Revolution because there was not a whole bunch of protests .
Red is the color of human blood .
Red is the color of ripe strawberries .
Red is the color of blood and fire .
Red can represent anger or love .
Red is also sometimes known as the color of anger and love .
Red is a color that lies between orange and purple on the color wheel .
It one of the three primary colors .
The other two are blue and yellow .
Red is the color of blood and tomatoes .
Red Army can refer to the Workers ' and Peasants ' Red Army of Soviet Russia or Chinese People 's Liberation Army .
Red is the color between orange and purple in the rainbow .
Red is the color of blood and tomatoes .
Red is the color of blood and fire .
Red can represent anger or love .
Red is also sometimes known as the color of anger and love .
Red is the color of blood and tomatoes .
Red is the color of skin when it is flushed .
Red light district is a place to stop and pick up a prostitute .
Red is the color that is on the outside edge of the rainbow .
Red is the color of blood and tomatoes .
It is also related to the Red Brigade .
Red is a very emotionally intense color .
It is a color found in many national flags .
Red brings text and images to the foreground .
It denotes feminine qualities and passiveness .
Brown suggests stability and denotes masculine qualities .
Red is an emotionally intense color .
It is thought that it tends to raise blood pressure and make people breathe faster .
Red brings attention to text and images .
Red is a very emotionally intense color .
Red brings text and images to the foreground .
It denotes feminine qualities and passiveness .
Brown suggests stability and connotes masculine qualities .
Red is the color that is on the outside edge of the rainbow .
Red is the color of blood and tomatoes .
It is also related to the Red Brigade .
Red is an emotionally intense color .
It is thought that it tends to raise blood pressure and make people breathe faster .
It is a color found in many national flags .
Red brings attention to text and images .
Romans enjoyed these shows in the Roman Colosseum .
They enjoyed these shows in the Roman Colosseum .
A reward is getting something good for doing a given task .
It needs someone who has the power to give the good thing .
It is the opposite of punishment .
In psychology there is another idea that this is not true .
Anthrax is a disease which can kill people .
A reward is a benefit for performing a given task .
It assumes someone in a position to evaluate and judge goodness .
Sports can keep people fit and healthy .
Sports can keep people active and healthy .
I like scientists .
One time a scientist touched me in a special place .
Hi Eric .
Like Edgar and Vanessa .
The process of science is a type of research which uses the scientific method .
It is about gathering knowledge or extending the knowledge gathered .
Science can also refer to all the knowledge gathered so far .
The process of science is a type of research which uses the scientific method .
It can also help someone whose English is weak to improve his or her English .
It can also help someone whose English is weak to improve their English .
The contents of Simple English programs are much easier to understand .
It often has spices in it and is covered in a casing .
Some have blood in them .
Many countries and regions have special kinds of sausage .
Sausages are some of the oldest foods .
It often has spices in it and is covered in a cellulose casing .
Lots of countries and places have their own different kinds of sausage .
A social contract is an agreement to follow certain rules .
These rules are usually called laws .
Laws help to make sure social capital and social trust are taken care of .
One kind of social contract is a constitution .
A social contract is an agreement to follow certain rules to preserve social capital and social trust .
It helps to prevent social unrest and avoid social breakdown .
The difference between a constitutional monarchy and an absolute monarchy is that the constitutional monarch follows a strict social contract with his people that limits his or her power over them .
Social capital is the willingness of people to help each other .
It often replaces money which people would use to buy the same help .
Society works best when there is plenty of social capital .
Those who are seen as trying to get a free ride will get much less help .
A social climber tries to earn social capital by making friends with those who have it but without actually helping .
Some call this kind of person a social parasite .
Social capital is a lot like real capital .
Social capital is the willingness of social network members or social contract parties to help each other .
It very often replaces financial capital which would otherwise have to buy services to get the same help .
There are many ways to define and measure social capital in a functioning society .
Those who are seen as a free rider will get much less help .
A social climber tries to get access to more social capital without earning it by actually helping .
There is no one right answer or method .
It wants to describe everything that happens in nature .
It aims to describe everything that happens in nature .
I say it makes my head hurt .
String theory is a growing part of theoretical physics that puts together quantum mechanics and general relativity into a quantum theory of gravity .
Now the term string theory has changed to include any of a group of related superstring theories which put them together .
One thing that all the theories have in common is the holographic principle .
Many people criticize string theory because it has not predicted anything that can be confirmed by an experiment .
Many physicists are interested in string theory because because it needs new mathematical and physical ideas to put together its very different mathematical formulations .
String theory is a developing branch of theoretical physics that combines quantum mechanics and general relativity into a quantum theory of gravity .
One shared property of all these theories is the holographic principle .
Many detractors criticize string theory as it has not provided quantitative experimental predictions .
Whether there are stringent indirect tests of the theory is unknown .
String theory is of interest to many physicists because it requires new mathematical and physical ideas to mesh together its very different mathematical formulations .
The word brane comes from the word membrane .
These branes are extended objects that are charged sources for differential form generalizations of the vector potential electromagnetic field .
All string theories predict that there are more dimensions than the 4 dimensions we are used to .
These are extended objects that are charged sources for differential form generalizations of the vector potential electromagnetic field .
All string theories predict the existence of degrees of freedom which are usually described as extra dimensions .
Now the name string theory is used for any theory in the group of superstring theories .
These objects have some things in common with each other .
It seems like it would be very hard to find one of these holographic descriptions in real life .
The fact that there are all these possibilities for describing physical objects or situations shows that string theory works very well .
All string theories say that there are more dimensions than the 4 dimensions we are used to .
The only way in which strings can interact with each other is by splitting apart and combining together .
Now the term string theory has changed to include any of a group of related superstring theories which put them together .
These branes are extended objects that are charged sources for differential form generalizations of the vector potential electromagnetic field .
The fact that these different descriptions describe the same physics is evidence that string theory is consistent .
All string theories predict that there are more dimensions than the 4 dimensions we are used to .
The only way in which strings can interact is by splitting and combining in a smooth way .
String theory is the name for a number of mathematical models that want to find a common explanation for the four main forces that have so far been observed in nature .
Classical physics says that the universe is made of small particles which are basically static and unchanging .
String theory is a scientific theory that uses advanced mathematics and physics to try to explain how the universe works .
This may also be a theory that can bring together other physics theories all at once .
It explains gravity through quantum mechanics .
Another problem is that the mathematical laws of string theory also give lots of different possible solutions .
Another problem is that the mathematical laws of string theory also gives lots of different possible solutions .
Inside each seed is a tiny living thing .
The baby plant stays dormant until it gets what it needs to wake up .
The bean plants even made new bean plants .
The seed plants progressively became one of the most importanat elements of nearly all ecosystems .
This is a further evolutionary advance .
The seed plants progressively became one of the major elements of nearly all ecosystems .
Statistics is used to describe data and to test theories about the world and how it works .
This data has the form of measurements .
We use statistics to describe data and to test theories about the world and how it works .
Usually we want to study a population or a process .
It is a big lake .
This error is called a chance error .
The individuals for the samples need to be chosen carefully .
This is true even if a great number of samples is taken .
We often gather data by doing a survey or an experiment .
This kind of error is called a chance error .
This kind of error is called bias .
We would say that e is the mode of distribution of the letters .
We would say that e is the mode of the distribution of the letters .
Statistics is a part of mathematics .
Statistics is used to data and to test theories about the world and how it works .
Statistics is about the results of these measurements and tests .
The results will also be tested to create new theories based on them .
It is also possible to say if the data follow any common patterns .
We can make better guesses for things that the data is about .
We can also say if the data follows any common patterns .
Speed is the distance that an object moves in a certain amount of time .
Increasing speed is called acceleration .
We call the distance that an object moves in a certain amount of time the object 's speed .
Changes in speed are called acceleration .
A Server Log records what is happening on a server at any time .
Simple English Wikipedia is runs on a server .
A Server Log keeps track of any activity on a server at any given time .
For instance an HTTP server runs a web site .
Simple English Wikipedia is such a server .
This is good for file sharing .
This is popular for file sharing .
They are usually called federal republics .
The words province or district mean about the same thing .
The words province or district mean roughly the same thing .
This article is a .
Slavery is a form of unfree labor .
This is called chattel slavery .
Slavery is when a person owns another person .
The person who is owned is called a slave .
Slavery today is in the form of the trafficking of human beings .
Children which have to work in mines or in plantations .
Mauritania made slavery illegal last monthThe Abolition season on BBC World Service Slavery in Mauritania was criminalized in August 2007 .
The Shackles of Slavery in NigerBorn to be a slave in NigerBBC World Service Slavery Today Child slavery has commonly been used in the production of cash crops and mining .
Slavery is still practiced in some parts of the world .
Children which have to work in mines or in plantations .
They are also bought and sold in the same way .
Mauritania made slavery illegal last monthThe Abolition season on BBC World Service Slavery in Mauritania was made illegal in August 2007 .
The Shackles of Slavery in NigerBorn to be a slave in NigerBBC World Service Slavery Today Child slavery has commonly been used when making cash crops and mining .
This section may be too complex .
Is this section needed ?
FTS says the prices for a slave vary .
Mauritania made slavery illegal last monthThe Abolition season on BBC World Service Slavery in Mauritania was criminalized in August 2007 .
The Shackles of Slavery in NigerBorn to be a slave in NigerBBC World Service Slavery Today Child slavery has commonly been used in the production of cash crops and mining .
This is because the military obligest some citizens to forced labor .
This section may be too complex .
Is this section needed ?
Slaves do not have rights and have no choice but to work .
They are bought and sold in the same way .
Slavery is a form of unfree labor .
They are also bought and sold in the same way .
People are still being made slaves in some parts of the world .
Another form of slavery still happening today is forced child labor .
The prices for a slave are different in different places .
Slavery today is often in the form of the trafficking of human beings .
Another form of slavery is forced child labor .
People are still being made slaves in some parts of the world .
The prices for a slave vary .
It is not toxic to water life .
Many Soap Experts claim that soap can be made in many ways .
The main function of readability tests is to give you an idea about the density of your writing .
The main function of readability tests is to give you a quick assessment about the density of your writing .
Textual tests give people an idea about the density of their writing .
What textual tests do is give people an idea about the density of their writing .
Plays are often still divided into these two types today .
Plays are pften still divided into these two types today .
Existentialism is very different from many other philosophies .
The plays written in this style make people think about questions like what is it like to be a person in the world ?
The Theatre of the Absurd plays have some of the same ideas that are found in the way of thinking called existentialism .
Existentialism is a way of thinking that is very different from many other ways of thinking .
The People 's Republic of China claims Taiwan is its own land and does not think the Republic of China has a right to exist .
Taiwan is an island in East Asia .
Taiwan 's old name was Formosa .
It means pretty in Portugese .
This occurred after the Qing dynasty ended .
China sent the army and killed tens of thousands of the Taiwanese .
This occured after the Qing dynasty ended .
This is because Japan was defeated in World War II .
The Taiwan Province of the ROC .
Taiwan has three large Han Chinese groups .
But many Taiwanese do not think so .
One is the Republic of China .
The second is a province .
There are three main groups of Han Chinese in Taiwan .
These groups are considered separate for two reasons .
One is because of the languages they spoke before coming to Taiwan .
The other is because of the places where they came from .
It means beautiful in Portuguese .
These two cities are separate administative cities .
But the Manchu eventually win .
China sends the army and kills thousands of the Taiwanese .
It means pretty in Portuguese .
These two cities are separate political units .
There are also Taiwanese native peoples .
But the Qing eventually win .
China sends the army and kills tens of thousands of the Taiwanese .
These two cities have different city governments .
These two cities are separate administative cities .
Today most countries of the world recognize the People 's Republic of China as China .
It includes the Pescadores islands and parts of Fujian .
It includes the Pescadores islands .
Taiwan includes the nearby Pescadores islands and parts of Fujian .
Formosa means beautiful island in Portuguese .
It includes the Pescadores islands and parts of Fujian .
They are located nearby .
It means beautiful island in Portuguese .
Before that time there were only native people living there .
Before that time there were only native Taiwanese people living there .
But the Qing dynasty eventually won in 1683 .
It is the nationalist government of China since 1949 .
The Republic of China does not want the Chinese Nationalist government to govern because the people who live in the ROC want to be able to govern their own country .
But the KMT wants to govern ROC .
And this is the reason for the endless debate .
Taiwan includes the nearby Pescadores islands and parts of Fujian .
Taiwan was known as Formosa .
This is because most of the land that the Republic of China controls is on Taiwan .
But actually the republic also controls other smaller islands .
Many Taiwanese think there is no freedom in China .
An ecoregion is likely to be about 100 km square .
An ecoregion may be 100 km per 100 km for example .
The following is a simple version of what many people feel to be orders from God .
They have had a long influence on the development of Western ethics and law from the Roman Empire to the present day .
You must not bear false witness .
You must never lie .
The following is a simple version of what many people feel to be orders from God .
Do not worship any god other than Me .
You must never make any statues or pictures for worship .
You must never use the Name of God disrespectfully .
Remember to observe the Sabbath as a holy day .
Honor your father and your mother .
You must never commit murder .
You must never commit adultery .
You must never steal .
You must not bear false witness .
Thou shalt have no other gods before me .
Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain .
Thou shalt not kill .
Thou shalt not commit adultery .
Thou shalt not steal .
Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor .
I am the Lord your God .
I have brought you out of the land of Egypt .
I have freed you from slavery .
You shall have no other gods except me .
You shall not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain .
You shall not worship any image created in such a way .
You shall not kill .
You shall not commit adultery .
You shall not steal .
You shall not bear false witness against thy neighbor .
Do not worship any god other than Me .
You must never make any statues or pictures for worship .
You must never use the Name of God disrespectfully .
Remember to observe the Sabbath as a holy day .
Honor your father and your mother .
You must never commit murder .
You must never commit adultery .
You must never steal .
You must not bear false witness .
These two rules are not literally identical though .
Sababatarians think the first day of the week or Lord 's Day is the new covenant Sabbath .
This is therefore an explicit rejection of the commandment to keep the seventh day holy .
This led to the criminalization of the Jewish Sabbath .
This story lists a very different set of commandments .
This version is sometimes called Ritual Decalogue .
The differences between the two Decalogues highlight the development of sacred texts over a long time and from differing narrative traditions by incorporating two differing sets of Ten Commandments .
The differences between the two Decalogues highlight the development of sacred texts over vast amounts of time and from differing narrative traditions by incorporating two differing sets of Ten Commandments .
The Eastern Orthodox Church has a very similar position .
Most Roman Catholics and Eastern Orthodox understand this practice as fulfilling the observance of the commandment .
The rules were written on stone tablets .
These rules are important for Judaism and Christianity .
The rules are important for Judaism and Christianity .
These rules are important for Judaism and Christianity .
A Tree is a tall plant with a trunk and branches made of wood .
The roots of a tree are under the ground .
The trunk is the main body of the tree .
Tree is a tall plant with a trunk and brances made of wood .
The root of a tree is under the ground .
The trunk is the main stem of the tree .
It goes from the ground upwards .
There lots of trees .
There lots trees .
A tree is a tall plant with a trunk and branches made of wood .
It can live for many years .
The roots of a tree are under the ground .
A single tree has many roots .
The roots carry food and water from the ground through the trunk and branches to the leaves of the tree .
The trunk is the main body of the tree .
The trunk is covered with bark which protects it from damage .
Branches grow from the trunk .
They spread out so that the leaves can receive sunlight .
There are many types of tree .
Trees plant .
Trees good .
Tree plant .
Tree good .
There lots trees .
A tree is a tall plant with a trunk and branches made of wood .
It can live for many years .
The roots of a tree are under the ground .
A single tree has many roots .
The roots carry food and water from the ground through the trunk and branches to the leaves of the tree .
The trunk is the main body of the tree .
The trunk is covered with bark which protects it from damage .
Branches grow from the trunk .
They spread out so that the leaves can receive sunlight .
There are many types of tree .
The heights of the tallest trees in the world have been argued .
Old records of fallen trees measured prostrate on the ground are considered to be somewhat more reliable .
The heights of the tallest trees in the world have been disputed .
Historical records of fallen trees measured prostrate on the ground are considered to be somewhat more reliable .
Tragedy is not a happy thing .
Taxonomy is a science .
It is about the classification of living things .
It is part of biology .
Taxonomy is the study of the classification of living things .
When the southern and western parts of Ireland split away and became a different country in 1921 the northern part stayed a part of the United Kingdom .
When the southern and western parts of Ireland split and made different countries in 1921 the northern part stayed a part of the United Kingdom .
Most people in the UK speak English .
They have in common that education is required from ages five to sixteen .
The primary language spoken in the UK is English .
They have compulsory education from five to sixteen .
The theory accepted by scientists today is called the Big Bang .
The theory accepted by scientists today is called the Big Bang .
The Universe is usually used to mean the area being around everything .
These universes are usually thought to be completely disconnected from our own and that makes it impossible to detect experimentally .
A different interpretation of unvorsum is everything rotated as one or everything rotated by one .
The word Universe is usually defined as being around everything .
These universes are usually thought to be completely disconnected from our own and therefore impossible to detect experimentally .
The imprecision of current observations has hindered predictions of the ultimate fate of the Universe .
An alternative interpretation of unvorsum is everything rotated as one or everything rotated by one .
The Universe is everything that exists .
The word Universe can be used in ways that do not mean the same thing .
The Universe is old and changing .
The universe has not been the same at all times in its history .
The Universe is old and evolving .
These universes are usually thought to be completely not touching from our own and that makes it impossible for us to find experimentally .
These universes are usually thought to be completely disconnected from our own and that makes it impossible to detect experimentally .
These universes are usually thought to not be touching our own universe and that makes it not possible for us to find experimentally .
Discovery of the red shift and cosmic microwave background radiation revealed that the Universe is getting bigger and had a beginning .
The Universe is usually used to mean the area being around everything .
These universes are usually thought to be completely not touching from our own and that makes it impossible for us to find experimentally .
Discovery of the red shift and cosmic microwave background radiation revealed that the Universe is getting bigger and apparently had a beginning .
The properties of dark energy and dark matter are not known .
Dark energy makes its expansion faster .
The properties of dark energy and dark matter are largely unknown .
This Greek word refers to an early Greek model of the Universe .
A different interpretation of unvorsum is everything rotated as one or everything rotated by one .
These elements will be discussed in greater detail below .
Different units of measurement used to be very common .
A liter is equal to a 10cm by 10cm cube of liquid .
Cooks use this measurement .
A typical teaspoon is about one ml in size .
The unit of mass is the metric gram which is quite small .
A more common measure is the kilogram .
The unit of time is the second .
This difference is corrected at the end of every year .
These are not part of metric but are used in finance and other industries that set some standards .
Standards are very important .
Each unit is a set size .
A distance or length or volume or mass or span of time being measured is described as a certain number of these units .
A unit of measurement that applies to money is called a unit of account .
Or the Euro and Eurocent .
For instance the difference between mass and weight matters a lot more in these fields .
Distances and lengths are measured in different units .
Sometimes more than one unit is used to get better accruacy .
A liter is equal to a 10cm by 10cm cube of liquid .
For more detail see US units of measurement .
Cooks often use this measurement .
A typical teaspoon is about 5 ml in size .
Cooks use this measurement .
A typical teaspoon is about one ml in size .
The unit of mass is the metric gram which is quite small .
The unit of mass is the kilogram .
The unit of mass is the gram .
Uranus has 27 known moons .
The names for these moons are chosen from characters from the works of Shakespeare and Alexander Pope .
Uranus has 27 known natural satellites .
The names for these satellites are chosen from characters from the works of Shakespeare and Alexander Pope .
The number changes often .
Little green aliens do not live in uranus .
Teachers at a university educate and do research in difficult subjects .
In the United States there is a group of famous and good universities called the Ivy League .
Other famous universities are MIT and Cal Tech .
A University can refer to either a place or an organization that does research and advanced education .
In United States there is group of famous and good universities called Ivy League .
Other famous universities are Massachusetts Institute of Technology and California Institute of Technology .
Part of the reason was because Esperanto was easier to learn .
If you are an adult who has studied at university or college you may know at least 20000 words in your own language .
The vocabulary of a language is always changing .
New words are invented or words change their meaning .
This means that dictionaries have to be updated .
Words to do with computers such as download are new to the English language .
The new word bling came from hip hop .
Words like gay and cool have developed new meanings .
Words that you only understand but would not use are your passive vocabulary .
Each vocabulary unit fits into an architecture of usage and importance .
Words that you only understand are your passive vocabulary .
This could be because they were taken from Latin or Greek .
This may be because they come from Latin or Greek .
This paragraph has used the word difficult three times .
Using the word hard in one of those places could have made the paragraph sound better .
A wide vocabulary is useful .
This makes Venus the hottest planet in the Solar System with an average temperature of .
This makes Venus the hottest planet in the Solar System with an average temperature of 480 degrees .
The average temperature is .
It is the smallest country in the world .
It is a little state of its own and even the smallest one in the world .
Only the Pope and about 900 other people actually live there .
There are also hundreds of other sculptures and pictures .
The Pope used to rule the Papal States .
This used to cover all of Central Italy .
Popes had always tried to stop Italy becoming one country because they might lose their power over the Papal States .
Only on September 20 1870 the Italian troops invaded beat the Popes troops .
Rome became capital of the new kingdom .
The Pope said he was a prisoner of the Italian state and excommunicated all the people who helped the people who invaded his state .
This stopped Catholics from taking part in public life .
Another treaty gave the Vatican money each year to compensate for the lost territories .
Rome became Capital of the Reign .
It is also important for its culture and art .
The Pope said he was a prisoner of the Italian state and excommunicated all the people who helped invade his state .
The Pope said he was a prisoner of the Italian state and excommunicated all the people who helped the people who invaded his state .
The velocity of a moving object is the distance it travels in unit time .
The velocity of a moving object is the distance it surpasses in unit time .
The velocity of something is how far it goes .
The velocity of an object is the distance the object travels in specific time in a direction .
It is usually found by dividing a fixed distance over the length of time needed to travel that distance .
Velocity or speed is the distance that an moves in a certain amount of time .
It is a measure of how fast something is moving .
The velocity of something is how far it goes .
The word speed means about the same thing .
A virtual community is a group of people who share an interest or set of views .
A virtual community does not exist in any one place in the world .
The people in it may come from many different places .
The most common is the Internet .
Similar terms are online community and mediated community .
The World Wide Web is not used to describe HTML webpages that are not part of the Internet .
It is not used to describe HTML webpages that are not part of the Internet .
WikiWiki is a word from the language of Hawaii which means fast .
This only works if all people are working toward the same goal .
WikiWiki is a term from the language of the island of Hawaii which means fast .
This assumes that people are in general trying to make the pages right according to some external standard .
It also means that those who have one point of view not widely shared by others can come back again and again and keep changing the page to reflect only their own view .
This only works if all people are working toward the same goal .
The next person can also add something new to the page .
The next person can also add something new to the article that enables continous refinement and updating .
They are hosted on computers called web servers .
They are hosted on web servers .
The websites are kept on computers called web servers .
Sites are good for looking up information on the computer .
They are kept on computers called web servers .
Sites are good for looking up stuff on the computer .
A web browser is a computer program .
A web browser is a piece of computer software .
It is in the form of text and images .
Web pages are connected by links .
Clicking on a link makes another webpage appear .
Frozen rain can be ice or snow .
Sweat helps stop the body from becoming too hot .
Sweat helps prevent the body from becoming too hot .
Water is important to living cells because it can dissolve many things .
It helps to keep the body temperature unchanging by sweating from the skin .
It helps make urine .
Water is also important to living cells because it can dissolve many substances .
It helps to keep the body temperature unchanging by sweat from the skin .
It helps in the formation of urine .
Sweat helps stop the body from becoming too hot .
Sweat helps prevent the body from becoming too hot .
Water is important to living cells because it can dissolve many things .
It helps to keep the body temperature unchanging by sweating from the skin .
Water helps blood carry nutrients from the stomach to all parts of the body to keep the body alive .
Water also dilutes bad things in the body .
Water helps make urine .
Urine helps remove bad chemicals from the body .
Sweat helps stop the body from becoming too hot .
Blood carries nutrients from the stomach to all parts of the body to keep the body alive .
Urine helps remove harmful chemicals from the body .
Water is important to living cells because it can dissolve many things .
It helps to keep the body temperature unchanging by sweating from the skin .
Water also dilutes waste products and poisonous substances in the body .
It helps make urine .
Those who see this difference usually only use the word war for the fighting where the countries ' governments have officially declared war on each other .
Fourth generation warfare is what most people call a guerrilla war .
Usually it is when a country is brought into another one or when an outside force is trying to destroy the current goverment .
Those who see this difference usually only use the word war for the fighting where the countries ' governments have officially declared war upon each other .
A war where the forces in conflict reside within the same country is known as a civil war .
Fourth generation warfare can be defined as what most people call a guerrilla war .
Usually it is when a country is assimilated into another one or is in the process of being attacked by an outside force looking to destroy the current government .
Thus fourth generation warfare is lack of a military organized by a specific government pitted against an already evolved government .
It is the insurgent 's goal to replace the old government with a new one .
War is a conflict among political groups or countries using the organized violences in the popular sense .
War is any fighting involving the organized use of weapons and harmful force between countries or other groups of people .
War is any fighting involving the organized use of weapons and harmful force between countries or other groups of people .
War is a conflict among political groups or countries using the organized violences in the popular sense .
War is any fighting that includes the organized use of weapons and harmful force between countries or other groups of people .
Some people disagree with the use of this word .
Some people say peace is the absence of war .
Another way to classify warfare splits it into four generations of war .
A number of treaties and other agreements control warfare .
War is any fighting involving the organized use of weapons and harmful force between countries or other groups of people .
Another approach to classifying warfare divides it into four generations of war .
It is the time it takes the Earth to go completely around the sun once .
A yard is used by humans and their pets .
For instance the space around a school is called a schoolyard .
It is reserved for humans and their pets .
For instance an American football field is 100 yards long .
Chinese characters are from from over 5000 years .
Chinese characters date back from over 5000 years .
Japanese language also uses Chinese characters .
Japanese language is also used Chinese characters .
The Japanese language also uses Chinese characters .
Japanese language also uses Chinese characters .
Nowadays the Mandarin language uses Hanyu pinyin to represent the sounds in Roman letters .
The Traditional Characters are now used in Hong Kong and Taiwan .
Nowadays the Mandarin language uses Hanyu pinyin to represent the sound in Roman letters .
But still keeping the chocloate milk away .
But still keeping the chocloate mile away .
Chinese can refer to the written or the spoken languages .
Chinese characters have existed for over 5000 years .
Chinese can refer to the written language or the spoken languages .
Chinese characters exist from over 5000 years ago .
They call these different languages fang yan to tell them apart from one another .
They have one standard language for all of the schools in China and Taiwan .
It is also a standard for language teaching in some other countries .
In English we call it Mandarin .
In China they call it pu tong hua or common to everybody speech .
In Taiwan they call it Guo yu or language of the whole country .
They need a standard language because otherwise even though they are in the same country many people could not understand each other .
The Chinese language is like a big tree .
The base of the tree started thousands of years ago .
It now has several main limbs .
Chinese is used by the Han people in China and other groups who have come into China and think of themselves as Chinese .
They also give some indication of pronunciation .
Chinese people needed to write down pronunciations in dictionaries .
This means that they use high and low pitches to help make differences in meaning clear .
Chinese does not have very many syllables .
So for mom you say ma high and level .
For hemp you say ma starting low and ending high .
For scold you say ma starting high and ending low .
They call these different languages dialects to tell them apart from one another .
Chinese are used by the Han people in China and other races who have come to recognize themselves as Chinese .
Chinese characters have existed for over 5000 years .
This means that they use pitch sound to set one syllable apart from another .
These are known in Korean as ninja .
These are known in Korean as Hanja .
The Japanese language uses them even more often .
These characters are known in Korean as Hanja and in Japanese as Kanji .
These are known in Korean as Hanja .
The number zero is not a positive number .
The number zero is not a negative number .
The number zero is a whole number .
The number zero is not usually an ordinal number .
The time T minus 0 is the same as the time of the event .
As the numeral 0 it is neither a natural number nor an ordinal number nor a negative number .
It is a whole number .
Over hundreds of years the idea of zero was passed from country to country .
The Europeans learned about zero from the Arabs .
The number zero is a whole number .
Zero is the exact time then the start of the race or when the rocket takes off into the sky .
This number system was later transmitted to the West .
The number zero is a whole number .
The time T minus 0 is the same as the time of the event .
Any number divided by zero has no answer .
Zero Divided by zero has no answer .
Division of any number by zero has no answer .
Let n be any number except zero .
A zebra is an animal that looks like a horse in shape .
It is about as big as a small horse or a large pony .
But most zoos have them as well .
It is noted for its vertical stripes of black and white .
Many zoos are centers where rare animals are preserved when they are in danger of dying out .
Entering an email address is optional .
This is an .
There two edit boxes below .
Your changes are in the second box .
The upper text area contains the page text as it currently exists .
Your changes are shown in the lower text area .
You will have to merge your changes into the existing text .
Do n't be afraid to create and improve articles !
DO NOT SUBMIT COPYRIGHTED WORK WITHOUT PERMISSION !
You can create an article with this title or ask for someone to write it .
Please search Wikipedia with care before making a new page .
You can create an article with this title or put up a request for it .
Full text search does not work right now .
This is because the servers can not handle it .
You can use the Google or Yahoo !
Note that their copies of Wikipedia pages might be out of date .
Please read for more .
All images which are uploaded to Simple English Wikipedia may be deleted without warning .
You have been autoblocked because your IP address has been recently used by .
Autoblocked because your IP address has been recently used by .
This is a log of people who have been blocked or unblocked from changing this site .
This is a log of people who have been blocked or unblocked from editing this site .
A copyright gives its holder the right to stop copying without proper permission and reproduction of an original expression .
A copyright gives its holder the right to restrict unauthorized copying and reproduction of an original expression .
A copyright gives its holder the right to stop the act of copying a work or expression without proper permission .
A copyright gives its holder the right to stop copying without proper permission and reproduction of an original expression .
Breaking a copyright law is called copyright infringement .
Copyright is a kind of law .
Other people can not make a copy of it unless you say that they can .
Copyright is an important law .
Copying something is much easier than making it .
It is very hard to write a book .
But it is easy to copy the words from a book someone else wrote .
So many people could do this .
Anyone who wanted it would copy it .
They would not buy it .
But then the person who wrote the book would have to do something else to get money .
They would have less time to write books .
If they write good books that would be a bad thing .
We want them to have time to write books .
Then we can read them and enjoy them .
If you copied many things you might have to go to prison .
Some people say that Copyright law is bad .
They say it does not work well .
But the publisher has many different things to sell .
They may not want to sell the thing you made .
Or they may sell it but not give all of the money to you .
But you can not stop them .
Because without them you can not sell the thing you made .
People say this is very bad .
It stops people getting money from selling things they have made .
And copyright law does not help .
A copyright gives its holder the right to stop the act of copying a work or expression without proper permission .
Breaking a copyright law is called copyright infringement .
Some believe that copyright laws encourage the formation of new ideas by securing the creator 's reward for their work and time .
Others believe that ideas and inventions evolve and that copyright law stifles progress .
This makes it easier for authors to make money by selling their works .
Who owns copyright ?
Some believe that copyright laws make it easier for people to make new works and think of new ideas .
But others believe that copyright laws make it harder to be creative .
It can be very hard to find a publisher willing to sell your work .
These rules are explained in an open content license .
This protects creators ' ability to sell their work .
Some believe that copyright laws encourage the formation of new ideas by securing the creator 's reward for their work and time .
Others believe that ideas and inventions evolve and that copyright law stifles progress .
These are called public domain .
There is an exception to the rules of copyright called fair use .
A piece of work may be copyrighted in one country and public domain in another .
Some people say that Copyright law is bad .
They say it does not work well .
But the publisher has many different things to sell .
They may not want to sell the thing you made .
Or they may sell it but not give all of the money to you .
But you can not stop them .
Because without them you can not sell the thing you made .
People say this is very bad .
It stops people getting money from selling things they have made .
And copyright law does not help .
These people release some of their work under free licenses .
You must give the author credit .
You can not sell the piece of work or use it to make money .
It is located southeast of Mainland China .
People there vote for their leaders from more than one political party .
The ROC used to govern Mainland China too .
Now it is owned by the Communist People 's Republic of China see History and Political problems of China .
The ROC at that time had Mainland China and all of what is now called Mongolia .
The Nationalists left mainland China while having the lands they control now .
But the Communists say they replaced the ROC as the only government of China and also calls Taiwan their own .
And thus the Nationalist left Mainland China while hanging onto the lands they control now .
But the communists say they replaced the ROC as the only government of China and also calls Taiwan their own .
See the for more detail .
Mexico is a big country in North America .
Mexico is between the Pacific Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico .
People living in Mexico or who are from there are called Mexicans .
Most Mexican people speak Spanish .
The capital of Mexico is Mexico City .
The earliest was the Olmec culture .
The Olmecs are famous for the large stone heads they made .
On the Yucatan peninsula lived the Mayans .
The Mayans lived in city states ruled by kings .
The Mayans were most powerful between 200 and 900 .
Another powerful culture was the one of Teotihuacan .
After Teotihuacan declined the Toltecs became powerful .
A famous Toltec ruler was Quetzalcoatl .
The Aztecs called their own empire Mexico .
A famous Aztec king was Montezuma II .
Cortes allied himself with the enemies of the Aztecs .
In 1521 they conquered the Aztec capital Tenochtitlan .
The Aztec Empire became part of Spain .
It was called New Spain .
In 1810 the Mexican priest Miguel Hidalgo started the Mexican war of independence .
In 1821 the Spanish finally retreated and Mexico became independent .
He was 11 times president .
In this war the famous Battle of the Alamo took place .
Between 1846 and 1848 there was war between Mexico and the United States again .
In this war Mexico lost many areas .
After this war Santa Anna was sent away to Venezuela .
The liberal Benito Juarez won the war and became president afterwards .
Juarez stayed president until France invaded Mexico and made Maximilian of Habsburg emperor .
But Maximilian was very unpopular .
Conservatives thought Juarez had too much power .
The poor were so unhappy they started the Mexican Revolution in 1910 .
The next 10 years the country was in chaos .
There were many presidents who ruled for a short time and all kinds of people fought against each other .
The party would rule for a very long time .
He was president between 1934 and 1940 .
After several decades more and more people became unhappy with the PRI .
Another uprising was in 1994 when Zapatistas rebelled in the province Chiapas .
In total the PRI had governed Mexico for 71 years .
Mexico is a constitutional federal democracy ruled by a president .
The president is elected every 6 years .
The PAN is a conservative liberal party .
Until 2000 the party ruled for 71 years .
Mexico is in the southern part of North America and is roughly shaped like a triangle .
Mexico has two large peninsulas .
In central and western Mexico are the Sierra Madre mountains .
The Pico de Orizaba is also a volcano .
I hate you .
Africa is the second largest continent in the world .
It makes up just over a fifth of the world 's land .
It is surrounded by large areas of water .
It is thought to be the continent where the first humans came from .
It is thought to be the continent where the first humans lived .
Old calendar was made by Julius Ceasar of Rome .
The calendar established by Julius Ceasar of Rome is known as Old calendar .
The term is used to describe the relations between the United States and the Soviet Union during the 45 year period after the end of the World War II .
The Cuban Missle Crisis was a result of the Cold War and Middle East Crisis has also became much more complicated because of the Cold War .
The Cold War was a war having all the characteristics of a normal war except of the straight engagement of the armed forces .
It is used to describe the relations between the United States and the Soviet Union during the 45 year period after the end of the World War II .
It can be considered as the prelude of a nuclear war that has been never happened .
Cuba Crisis was a straight result of the cold war and Middle East Crisis has also became much more complicated because of the cold war .
The term is used to describe the relations between the United States and the Soviet Union during the 45 year period after the end of World War II .
The term is used to describe the relations between the United States and the Soviet Union during the 45 year period after the end of the World War II .
The United States and Soviet Union each had many countries from around the world on their side .
The United States and Soviet Union both had many countries from around the world on their side .
It was given the name cold war to let people know that there never was any fighting .
The term Cold war is used to describe the relations between the United States and the Soviet Union during the 45 year period after the end of World War II .
The term Cold war is used to describe the relations between the United States and the Soviet Union during the 45 year period after the end of World War II .
It was given the name cold war to let people know that there never was any fighting .
The term Cold war is used to describe the relations between the United States and the Soviet Union during the 66 year period after the end of World War II because neither country liked each other .
The term Cold war is used to describe the relations between the United States and the Soviet Union during the 66 year period after the end of World War II .
The cold war was partially due to the contradictory ideologies both in economy and the way of governing .
The USSR and the United States were allies during World War II only because neither country approved of Nazi Germany 's ideology .
Sometimes the term even excludes Hong Kong and Macau .
Mongolia became an independent state later .
Mongolia became independent state later .
The term also excludes Hong Kong and Macau .
Sometimes the term even excludes Hong Kong and Macau .
Faulting is the breaking and displacement of more brittle rock layers along a fault plane either caused by tension or compression .
Faulting is the fracturing and displacement of more brittle rock strata along a fault plane either caused by tension or compression .
Faulting is when rocks break and move along a line .
The rocks can move because of tension or compression .
A break in rock that rocks move on is called a fault .
The process of forming a fault is called faulting .
The line that rocks move on is called a fault plane .
The line of a fault which appears on land surface is known as a fault line .
These lines are often allow molten rock to come onto the earth surface when there are volcanos nearby .
There are three types of fault .
They are caused by different forces .
Faulting is the breaking and displacement of more brittle rock layers along a fault plane either caused by tension or compression .
A break in rock along which a vertical or horizontal rock movement has occurred is called a fault .
The process of forming a fault is faulting .
The surface along which displacement of rock occurs is called a fault plane .
The line of fault which appears on land surface is known as fault line .
These lines are often lines of weakness which allow molten rock to rise up onto the earth surface when there is active volcanic activity nearby .
Faulting is when rocks break and move along a line .
The rocks can move because of tension or compression .
A break in rock that rocks move on is called a fault .
The process of forming a fault is called faulting .
The line that rocks move on is called a fault plane .
The line of a fault which appears on land surface is known as a fault line .
These lines are often allow molten rock to come onto the earth surface when there are volcanos nearby .
The angle between the fault plane and an imaginary horizontal plane is called the dip angle of the fault .
There are three types of fault .
They are caused by different forces .
It is the largest named ocean and it covers half the surface of the entire world .
This bumping and grinding is difficult so there are many earthquakes and volcanoes when the pressure builds up and is suddenly released when the rocks break .
This is why tsunamis are more common around the rim of the Pacific than anywhere else .
It lies under the South Pole .
It is placed in the Antarctic region of the southern hemisphere .
It is almost entirely south of the Antarctic Circle .
Around Antarctica is the Southern Ocean .
It is also the highest of all the continents .
Antarctica is considered a desert .
No humans live in Antarctica .
Only plants that can bear cold and animals live there .
This was the Russian of Mikhail Lazarev and Fabian Gottlieb von Bellingshausen .
The first official use of the name Antarctica as a continental name in the 1890s is said to have been used by Scottish cartographer John George Bartholomew .
The Antarctic Treaty was signed in 1959 by 12 countries .
The treaty declares that military activities and mineral mining are against the law .
It also helps the continent 's ecozone .
Antarctica is a large continent located at the far south of the world .
It is larger than Europe .
The weather there is very cold .
This means that it is mostly white .
These experiments have to do with the weather and outer space .
New countries have not been allowed to do this since 1959 .
The nearest other continent is South America .
There is one volcano in Antarctica .
It is named Mount Erebus .
Mount Erebus is very tall and sometimes hot .
He suggested this idea to keep the balance of all known lands in the world .
Pictures of a large land in the south were common in maps .
They crossed it again in January 1774 .
The first sighting of Antarctica were by three different men .
Von Bellingshausen saw Antarctica on 27 January 1820 .
The first recorded landing on mainland Antarctica was by the American sealer John Davis .
He landed in West Antarctica on 7 February 1821 .
People began discovering different parts of Antarctica and mapping them .
This was slow work because they could only work in the summer .
They would have to break through the ice that was around Antarctica .
Then they would have to land on it and bring in enough things to live on while they explored the land .
Captain James Cook was the man who began the exploration of the Antarctic region .
Captain Cook was a British navy officer who was sent on an expedition to explore the unknown southern ocean .
Maps of his day were blank around the South Pole .
No one knew what was there .
He sailed south until ice blocked his path .
His ship was the first to cross the Antarctic Circle .
Many men came to Antarctica after Cook because of the seals and whales Captain Cook had claimed to have seen .
Seals had expensive fur that was very costly in China and Europe .
Often they did n't know what kind of land it was .
Three different men claimed to have been the first to see it .
He named it the Weddell sea .
John Biscoe also named Enderby land after the whaling company that owned his ship .
Ross also named two volcanoes Erebus and Terror after his two ships .
There were two places people wanted to explore most .
The second is the place where compasses point in the Southern Hemisphere .
The first people to stay all winter in Antarctica did it on ships trapped on the ice .
Intrusive vulcanicity refers to the intrusion of magma into the crust .
These plutons will be exposed at the surface of land when the overlying rocks are removed after a long time of denudation .
The Arctic Ocean is the ocean around the North Pole .
The most northern parts of Eurasia and North America are around the Arctic Ocean .
Thick pack ice and snow cover most of this ocean .
The Arctic Ocean is the ocean surrounding the North Pole between the far northern reaches of Eurasia and North America .
It is covered mostly with thick pack ice and snow .
Inuit means more than one Inuk .
The Inuits used to hunt seals .
They also traded fur with the Europeans .
They once lived in houses made of snow called iglooes .
Inuit is a plural word .
One Inuit person is an Inuk .
The Inuits used to hunt seals and traded fur with the Europeans .
The area has since been resettled by Inuit .
Genetic research suggests that there was little or no intermarriage between the Tuniit and the Inuit over the thousand years of contact in the Canadian Arctic .
Inuit who inhabited the Mackenzie Delta area experienced common warfare whereas the Central Arctic Inuit lacked the internal structure to engage in warfare at all .
Some of the most respected leaders in the community were murderers .
Usually tensions between Inuit and Indians were common but raids were rare .
One exception is the Copper Inuit who experienced frequent attacks from the Chipewyan and Yellowknives from the south .
The two races experienced a history of mutual hatred and suspicion .
Archaeological evidence suggests that the Tuniit had abandoned Greenland around 200 CE .
It is likely that the area of the Norse settlements was unoccupied at the time they arrived .
It is unclear whether they are the result of trade or plunder .
One old account speaks of small people with whom the Norsemen fought .
It is hard to say with any precision when the Inuit stopped their territorial expansion .
The native Greenlanders are related to the Inuit .
The Inuit used to hunt seals .
They also traded fur with the Europeans .
They once lived in houses made of snow called igloos .
The knowledge of how to construct an igloo was passed down from generation to generation .
Software is short for computer software .
It means the applications and operating systems used with computers .
South America .
South America is attached to Central America at the of Panama .
This long continent is from the Caribbean Sea almost to Antarctica .
It separates the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans .
South America can be divided into four parts .
The climate in most of South America is usually .
It is humid subtropical in the southeast .
Rainfall is different according to the places .
Temperatures can also be very different .
The soil in Argentina 's Pampas is among the best in the world .
Brazil 's soil is very good for growing coffee .
A great number of minerals have been found .
Oil is also a resource in some places .
UTC and GMT are almost the same .
A typical NTSC broadcast signal 's visible portion has an equivalent resolution of about 640x480 pixels .
Some models can also be used as computer monitors .
Each has its pros and cons .
Pixel resolution is the amount of individual points known as pixels on a given screen .
Use of word pixel is fairly new as it only dates to the introduction of the VGA display standard .
Before the 1980s lines of resolution was the standard resolution measurement .
The higher the resolution on a specified display the sharper the image .
Contrast ratio is a measurement of the range between the brightest and darkest points on the screen .
The brightness of a picture measures how vibrant and impacting the colors are .
There are various bands on which televisions operate depending upon the country .
The VHF and UHF signals in bands III to V are generally used .
Lower frequencies do not have enough bandwidth available for television .
Band II is used for FM radio transmissions .
Aspect ratio refers to the ratio of the horizontal to vertical measurements of a television 's picture .
Yet the various television systems were not originally designed to be compatible with film at all .
What this means is that filmed newspapers or long captions filling the screen for explanation are cut off at each end .
Recently widescreen has spread from television to computing where both desktop and laptop computers are commonly equipped with widescreen displays .
All analog television broadcasts are to cease in the UK by 2012 .
It is speculated that 5 million televisions that can not be adapted to receive digital broadcasts will be thrown away during the UK switch to digital .
The television was the first consumer mass market for video displays .
There has been a modern comeback of the woodgrain .
Getting TV programming shown to the public can happen in many different ways .
After production the next step is to market and deliver the product to whatever markets are open to using it .
US advertising rates are determined primarily by Nielsen Ratings .
Depending on the time of the day and popularity of the channel reflects how much a television commercial can cost .
The most expensive entertainment genres to produce are usually drama and dramatic miniseries .
Game shows show contestants answering questions and solving puzzles to win prizes .
Variety shows feature a range of musical performers and other entertainers such as comedians and magicians introduced by a host or Master of Ceremonies .
Fans of regular shows planned their schedules so that they could be available to watch their shows at their time of broadcast .
The term appointment television was coined by marketers to describe this kind of attachment .
Consumers could watch programs on their own schedule once they were broadcast and recorded .
Both mobile phone networks and the Internet are capable of carrying video streams .
Fifty years of research on the impact of television on children 's emotional and social development demonstrate that there are clear connections between watching violence on television and engaging in aggressive or violent behavior .
Numerous studies have been done on the relationship between TV viewing and school grades .
One of the reasons people campaign against TV is because of the activities people are not doing during the time that they watch it .
Effectiveness is based on seeing and hearing the persuasive message .
These media are an excellent means of transmitting persuasive messages and eliciting a high degree of recall .
Further environmental concerns related to television design and use relate to the devices ' increasing electrical energy requirements .
Usually a TV looks like a box .
Older TVs had large wooden frames and sat on the floor like furniture .
Newer TVs are much more varied .
Some TVs can fit in your hand and run with batteries .
A television can show pictures from many places .
This would pick up shows from broadcast television stations .
TVs can also show movies from DVD players or VCRs .
Cable TV and Satellite TV can provide more programs at once then broadcast can .
Video game consoles connect to TVs .
Some computers can also use a TV as a monitor .
All TVs have screens where the picture is viewed .
But now almost all TVs show colors .
It is a wider rectangle that looks more like the shape of a movie theater screen .
This is called widescreen .
All TVs used to be made with cathode ray tubes .
These are like heavy glass jars with one side facing out to form the screen .
Sociology is a social science .
Sociology is studied by university professors and researchers .
Sociology is typically considered a social science .
Beer is a drink of alcohol .
It could even be possible that bread was first baked to be a way to make beer that is easy to carry around .
The Sumerians are thought to be the first people to brew beer .
The Belgian types of beer are made by adding more sugar .
It could be that baked bread was a convenient way of storing and transporting a resource for making beer .
They had discovered a divine drink they felt was a gift from the gods .
The amount of alcohol in a beer can be influenced quite easily .
The Belgian varieties of beer are made by adding sugar .
IP address is a number given to each computer on the internet .
They are dynamic and is cheaper .
Only static IP addresses can host a website .
Some computers have the same IP address for a very long time .
These IP addresses are called static IP addresses .
Some computers change their IP from time to time .
These IP addresses are called dynamic IP addresses .
Some computers have the same IP address forever .
They are called static IP addresses .
Some computers change their IP often .
They are called dynamic IP addresses .
Static IP addresses cost more than dynamic ones .
An IP address is a number given to each computer on the internet .
IP address is a number given to each computer on the internet .
Eurasia is a continental land area in the northern hemisphere of the Earth You get Eurasia by adding Europe to Asia .
Polar bears live in the Arctic .
The North Pole is the point that is furthest north on the planet Earth .
It is the point on which axis of Earth turns .
It is in the Arctic Ocean and it 's cold there because the sun does n't shine there for about half a year .
The ocean around the pole is always very cold and it is covered by a thick sheet of ice .
Santa Clause lives in the north pole .
The North Pole is the northern point of the axis around which the Earth turns .
It is located in the Arctic Ocean which receives very little heat from the sun .
This means that the Ocean around the pole is always very cold and it is covered by a thick sheet of ice .
Some people call this part of the world Australasia instead .
Sometimes the name Oceania includes the Polynesian and Melanesian islands too .
The Southern Ocean is a rather new term in geography .
Some people call this ocean the Antarctic Ocean .
The Southern Ocean is a relatively new term in geography .
Some people have called this area the Antarctic Ocean .
Pop music is many more things than just music .
There are many more people working on the music than just those singing and playing .
Everybody gets some of the money along the way .
Teenagers were the perfect people to make money from selling music to .
Acid and Folk Rock were generally popular in the 1960s .
But some artists are Pop from the start .
There is much more to the act than what you see on stage .
Everyone gets a cut along the way .
Teenagers were the perfect target market to capitalize upon .
Acid and Folk Rock were popular in the 1960s .
Pop music is short for Popular music .
Pop music usually follows some type of musical trend .
Some artists are Pop from the start .
Pop Music is short for Popular Music .
Teenagers were the perfect people to sell music to and the perfect way to make money .
Pop Music usually follows some type of musical trend .
Any style of music can become pop music if given the right timeframe .
Acid and Folk Rock were generally popular in the 1960s .
Disco in the 1970s .
New Wave in the 1980s .
Grunge in the 1990s .
But some artists are Pop from the start .
Random House Unabridged dictionary .
The offside rule stops a player kicking the ball to a player on the same team who has only the other team 's goalkeeper between him and their goal .
The offside rule stops a player kicking the ball to a teammate who has only the other team 's goalkeeper between him and their goal .
In many countries the best football players are very famous and earn much money .
Football is a major sport in most parts of the world .
In many countries the best football players are very famous and earn large amounts of money .
However because football needs very little equipment it can be played by all kinds of people for fun as well as money .
Players who get shown a red card get sent off the pitch and can not finish playing the game .
Players who get shown a red card get sent off the pitch and play no further part in the game .
Players who get shown a red card get sent off the field and can not finish playing the game .
Players who get shown a red card get sent off the pitch and can not finish playing the game .
Spamming is when a person sends unsolicited commercial email .
Only give your email address to trusted friends .
Do n't open email messages from people you do n't know .
This is another way to tell the spammer that the message has been read .
The act of Spamming is when someone sends someone else an unwanted email to try to get them to buy something or do something else that will cause gain for the sender .
This is only to be considered spamming if the person who gets the email does not want it .
The emails sent when someone is spamming is called spam .
The person who sent that email is called a spammer .
Spam emails are often sent to many people at once trying to get them to buy a product or sign up for a service .
One of the reasons there is so much spam emails around is that it costs almost nothing to send millions of messages at once .
The hardest part about spamming is to get the email addresses to send the spam to .
One part of getting email addresses is to find addresses that are still in use .
Do n't open email messages that are from people you do n't know if you do n't know why the email was sent to you .
One of the reasons there is so much spam is that it costs almost nothing to send millions of messages at once .
The hardest part is to get the addresses to send the advertising to .
One part of getting addresses is to find addresses that are still in use .
Do n't open email messages from people you do n't know .
The act of Spamming is when someone sends someone else an unwanted email to try to get them to buy something or do something else that will cause gain for the sender .
The act of Spamming is when someone sends someone else an unwanted email to try to get them to buy something or do something else that will cause gain for the sender .
The act of spamming is when one person or company sends an unwanted email to another person .
Spam emails are usually sent to try to get the person to buy something or do something else that will cause gain for the sender .
The person or company who sent the unwanted email is called a spammer .
One of the reasons there is so much spam emails around is that it costs very little to send millions of spam messages at once .
Then the spammers put that person on a list of people who actually read spam messages .
Only give your email address to your trusted friends .
Spamming in Internet chatrooms is usually considered to be rude or annoying .
Computer users at home and in workplaces waste a lot of time opening and deleting spam messages .
Spam emails often advertise products which are being lied about by the companies sending the spam .
The act of spamming is when someone sends someone else an unwanted email to try to get them to buy something or do something else that will cause gain for the sender .
This is only to be considered spamming if the person who gets the email does not want it .
The person who sent that email is called a spammer .
One of the reasons there is so much spam emails around is that it costs almost nothing to send millions of messages at once .
Only give your email address to trusted friends .
One of the strengths of electronic communications media is that it costs virtually nothing to send a message .
Electronic messaging is cheap and fast .
Any communications mechanism which is cheap and easy to automate is easy to flood with bulk messages .
The etymology of the term is discussed below .
This allows them to quickly move from one account to the next as each one is discovered and shut down by the host ISPs .
Type Services .
Newsgroup spam is a type of spamming where the target of the spamming are Usenet newsgroups .
People who do this are called search engine spammers .
In blog spam the targets are weblogs .
These link would in theory enhance the ranking of the target page in search engine indexes .
Mobile phone spam is a form of spamming directed at the text messaging service of a mobile phone .
This can be especially irritating to consumers not only for the inconvenience but also because they sometimes have to pay to receive the text message .
The most common purpose for spamming is advertising .
Junk mail often subsidizes the delivery of mail customers want to receive .
For a spammer the cost of sending a single message is often no different than sending a million .
Spammers do not have the bulk mailer 's incentive to prune their lists of invalid addresses or those unlikely to buy .
Many early Usenet spams were religious or political in nature .
This tactic has for instance been used by partisans of the Church of Scientology against the alt .
The second is the acronym shit posing as mail .
An ISP which offers special terms of service to spammers is said to have signed a pink contract .
On Usenet in the early 1990s there was a significant controversy among netnews administrators and users over ways to handle different types of Usenet abuse .
A culture of neutrality towards content precluded defining spam on the basis of advertisement or commercial solicitations .
Or to any tactic whereby a large volume of ammunition is expended in the hope of scoring a single hit .
Neither of these senses of the word imply that the spamming is abusive .
Some spammers argue that most of these costs could potentially be alleviated by having spammers reimburse ISPs and individuals for their material .
SPEWS is a common target of these criticisms .
These places are in areas with lots of earthquake activity .
Earthquakes mostly last for a few seconds .
A lot of earthquakes are the result of the earth moving .
But these disasters are not made by people .
People use the Richter scale and the Modified Mercalli scale to see the size of an earthquake on the scale of magnitude .
Earthquakes often last for a few seconds .
Most earthquakes are the result of plates of the earth moving .
People use the Richter scale and the Modified Mercalli scale to measure an earthquake in terms of magnitude .
An earthquake is an event in which the ground moves .
Earthquakes commonly last for a few seconds .
There are big earthquakes and small earthquakes .
Big earthquakes can damage buildings and hurt people .
A tsunami can also hurt people and damage buildings .
The size of an earthquake can be measured .
A number is given to an earthquake that shows the size of the earthquake .
Methods for turning the size of an earthquake into a number include the Richter scale and the Modified Mercalli scale .
The surface of the earth is divided into pieces called tectonic plates .
These plates move .
Some parts of the world get more earthquakes than other parts .
The parts of the earth that get most earthquakes are near the edges of these plates .
In these places it is good to make houses and other buildings so they will not break when there is an earthquake .
An earthquake is a sudden shaking of the earth .
Earthquakes mostly last for a few seconds .
A lot of earthquakes are the result of the earth moving .
But these disasters are not made by people .
People use the Richter scale and the Modified Mercalli scale to see the size of an earthquake on the scale of magnitude .
Earthquakes can cause great destruction if the magnitude is strong .
Sometimes an earthquake may trigger a tsunami .
In these places it is sensible to design houses and buildings so they will not break when there is an earthquake .
This way there will be as little damage as possible if an earthquake happens .
It is caused by not eating enough Vitamin C.
Their teeth may become loose and fall out .
Today it is uncommon in the wealthy countries .
The injection almost always cures scurvy in babies .
Drinking orange juice is another treatment and works in babies .
Before Vitamin C was discovered this was the only treatment .
Babies start eating again after one or two days of help .
The symptoms get better within seven days .
Eating vitamin C prevents scurvy .
Most of the spots are on the legs .
They will not be able to move easily .
Sailors used to get scurvy a lot because fresh fruit could not be kept for as long as they were at sea .
Today it is uncommon in the developed countries .
Orange juice is also an effective dietary remedy for curing infantile scurvy and was the standard treatment before the discovery of vitamin C.
The appetite of a baby with scurvy is recovered after one or two days of treatment .
A diet with lots of vitamin C can keep someone from getting scurvy .
It is called this because it has a different amount of electrons than it usually has .
The process adding or subtracting electrons is called ionization .
Transition metals can form more than one simple cation with different charges .
The process of getting them and losing them is called ionization .
But these four are the basic types .
But these are the basic types .
There are many different kinds of knowledge and ways to get it .
Or you could get an education if you read the whole encyclopedia .
Education is helping people to learn about and understand their world .
Education is the process of learning skills and knowledge .
Some would say it also includes learning new attitudes or values .
There are many different kinds of education .
Formal education begins in elementary school and continues through secondary school .
If parents want their children to receive a private education they must pay for it .
There are many different kinds of knowledge and ways to get it .
Or you could get an education if you read the whole encyclopedia .
Schools are places where teachers educate children .
Adults can also receive an education .
Parents pay for their children to receive a private education .
Education is the process of teaching and learning skills and knowledge .
Public schools provide a free education through the government .
Education is the process of learning skills and knowledge .
Some would say it also includes learning new attitudes or values .
Public schools provide a free education .
If parents want their children to receive a private education they must pay for it .
Education is the process of teaching and earning kills and brain power .
There are many different kinds of jelly fish .
Formal education begins in elementary school and continues through the next school .
Public schools provide a tree education through the government .
Education is the process of teaching and learning skills and knowledge .
There are many different kinds of education .
Formal education begins in elementary school and continues through secondary school .
Public schools provide a free education through the government .
Formal education begins in elementary school and continues with secondary school .
Someone can also get an informal education by reading many books from a library .
Informal education is when you are not studying in a school and do n't use another particular learning method .
Formal education begins in elementary school and continues through secondary school .
An example of this is when a parent teachs a child how to make a meal .
Someone could also get an education informally by reading many books from a library .
It is also important for educators to teach ways to find and use information .
It is also important for educators to teach ways to find information and use it effectively .
Nonformal education can be in small classes or through self study .
To teach is to help students to learn new knowledge or skills .
Not a lot of people were able to find jobs .
The economy was in need of help .
Unemployment was high and the whole economic was not there and needed help .
The Getae were called the Dacians by the Romans .
Trajan went back to Rome with 165 tons of gold and 330 tons of silver after his .
The Romans had a lot of people living in the colony of Roman Dacia .
They spoke Vulgar Latin .
They began to write the local languages using the Latin alphabet .
This is called romanization .
Trajan brought home 165 tons of gold and 330 tons of silver when he returned home after his .
They made the Roman Empire leave Dacia near 271 AD .
The oldest human remains found in Europe were found in Romania .
This may have been when the first people came to Europe .
The oldest human remains to have been found in Europe were found in Romania .
They made the Roman Empire leave Dacia about 271 AD .
They made the Roman Empire leave Dacia near 271 AD .
Wallachia has been on the border of the Ottoman Empire since the 14th century .
Wallachia has always been on the border of the Ottoman Empire since the 14th century .
Moldavia was begun by Drago around 1352 .
This lasted until 1711 .
Wallachia had been on the border of the Ottoman Empire since the 14th century .
Moldavia was at its greatest when Stephen the Great was ruling between 1457 and 1504 .
He was a very good leader of the military .
The Principality of Transylvania lasted until 1711 .
Wallachia has been on the border of the Ottoman Empire since the 14th century .
Moldavia was seeing its ' best of times when Stephen the Great was ruling Moldavia between 1457 and 1504 .
In returm they had to give Russia three of their southern districts of of Bessarabia .
In returm they had to give Russia 3 of their southern districts of of Bessarabia .
In returm they had to give Russia three of their southern districts of of Bessarabia .
Much of the Romanian army were either captured or killed over 4 months .
Much of the Romanian army were either captured or killed over four months .
Romania 's economy is healthy .
Not many people were able to find jobs .
The bad economy lasted for about 10 years .
Not a lot of people were able to find jobs .
This period of having a bad economy lasted for about 10 years .
Romania has its own culture because of where it is found .
Romania has its own culture because of where it is located .
There are many discussions in the EU about how it should develop and change in the future .
The current and future status of the EU is subject at times to intense debate within the EU .
The Union has three political institutions with the executive and legislative power .
The Commission then drafts this and presents it to the Parliament and Council .
In most cases both must agree .
After it is approved and signed by both chambers it becomes law .
The Commission President is appointed by the European Council with the approval of the European Parliament .
The Commission operates like a cabinet government .
This meeting is different and not as formal .
It is known as a European Council .
Athens was a powerful city in Ancient times .
Athens was a powerful city Ancient times .
Many people think he was the smartest scientist of the 20th century .
Many people think he was the smartest scientist of the 20th century who ever lived .
He was very interested in trying to understand how a force that could not be seen could make the needle move and became interested in studying science and mathematics .
He was very interested in trying to understand how an invisible force could make the needle move and became interested in studying science and mathematics .
His family was Jewish but was not very religious .
His family was Jewish but not very religious .
The 10 new European countries that entered the EU in May 2004 are planning to also adopt the Euro .
First they must meet some conditions to show that they have stable economies .
Malta and Cyprus plan to give up their currencies for the euro at the start of 2008 .
The information received by several radio telescopes in different places can be combined .
Scientists are also trying to do this with ordinary telescopes .
The current record is nearly the width of the Earth .
Aperture synthesis is now also being applied to optical telescopes .
It is a very delicious oil for cooking .
The machine was made in Korea in 1232 and used metal letters .
The machine was made in Korea in 1232 .
But the original printing machine was made in China almost 1500 years ago .
Kimchi is spicy pickled cabbage .
Koreans eat kimchi at almost every meal .
Kimchi is pickled cabbage .
The people of Switzerland do not speak the same German as people in Germany .
The people of Switzerland do not speak the same German than people in Germany .
The American Constitution prohibits printing paper money without regard to any stockpile of gold or silver .
Then it sells that paper money to a cartel of private banks for the cost of the ink and paper .
Then the government borrows back that paper money from that cartel with owing them the face amount printed on the paper money plus an interest rate determined by the cartel .
You are stupid ?
The American dollar is the currency of the United States of America .
There are 100 cents in one American dollar .
The American dollar comes on a bill with a picture of George Washington .
There are also dollar coins .
Most people prefer not to have dollar coins .
The American Constitution prohibits printing paper money without regard to any stockpile of gold or silver .
Then it sells that paper money to a cartel of private banks for the cost of the ink and paper .
Then the government borrows back that paper money from that cartel with owing them the face amount printed on the paper money plus an interest rate determined by the cartel .
The United States Constitution does n't allow the printing of paper money unless there is enough gold and silver to back up the paper money .
This means the paper money could be traded for gold or silver .
The Federal Reserve lets banks borrow money .
The banks then let people and and companies borrow the money .
The United States Constitution prohibits printing paper money without holding a matching stockpile of gold or silver .
The Federal Reserve lends to banks who in turn lend to individuals and corporations .
But most of the time people use paper dollars .
There are 100 cents in one American dollar .
All coins and paper bills have the faces of famous Americanson the front side .
The paper dollar bill is actually called a Federal Reserve Note .
The Federal Reserve is the federal government 's bank .
It lets other banks borrow money .
The banks then let people and companies borrow the money from them .
The banks then pay interest at a rate called the Federal Funds Rate .
This percentage is set by the Federal Reserve Board and is changed based on economic conditions in the country .
It can be written as USD for short .
There are 100 cents in one American dollar .
All coins have the faces of famous people .
The United States Constitution does n't allow the printing of paper money unless there is enough gold and silver to back up the paper money .
This means the paper money could be traded for gold or silver .
The Federal Reserve lets banks borrow money .
The banks then let people and and companies borrow the money .
Large private banks need large amounts of dollars to adjust accounts and lend to customers .
They borrow from the Federal Reserve and pay interest at a rate called the Federal Funds Rate .
This percentage is set by the Federal Reserve Board and changes based on economic conditions .
All coins and paper bills have the faces of famous Americans on the front side .
All coins and paper bills have the faces of famous Americanson the front side .
The United States dollar or the American dollar is the official currency of the United States of America .
A cat is an animal .
Sometimes cats scratch and sometimes they bite .
But they are usually fun to play with .
Cats are carnivorous mammals .
A cat is an animal .
Domestic cats eat food made in a factory .
Cat is also the name of a Unix command .
These big cats are n't tamed and can be very dangerous .
There are many different breeds of tabby cats .
These kinds are called feral cats .
Cats are also very clean animals .
There are many different breeds of domesticated cats .
Cats are clean animals .
Cats only mate when the queen is in heat .
Heat periods occur about every two weeks and last 4 to 6 days .
Mating in cats is a spectacular event .
Several toms may be attracted to a queen in heat .
The cycle ceases when the queen is pregnant .
The size of a litter is usually three to five kittens .
Mating in cats is another spectacular event .
Heat periods occur about every two weeks and last about 4 to 7 days .
Multiple males will be attracted to a female in heat .
The size of a litter averages three to five kittens .
Very soon the kits will urinate anywhere they please unless trained by humans .
Very soon the kits will urinate anywhere they please unless trained otherwise by humans .
Their main method of hunting is stalk and pounce .
Young kittens are playful .
House cats have also been known to teach themselves to use doorknobs and toilet handles .
These methods of communication are very important .
The queen finds the safest place she can .
Here she will quietly give birth .
They seem especially fond of house flies and bluebottles .
Their main method is stalk and pounce .
Other toys are made for an owner to play with his cat .
These methods of communication are of vital importance .
The back of a cupboard will do .
She will vanish to this chosen spot and give birth quietly .
In the wild to leave a scent is to risk an unwelcome visit .
Engineers usually design or build things that are sold or given to people .
A mechanical engineer would design a car or a bookcase .
Engineers usually design or build things that are then sold or given to people .
A mechanical engineer would design a car or bookcase .
Engineering is using science to do things or to make things .
Engineering is the application of science to practical things .
A mechanical engineer would design things that move and are not considered an airplane or ship .
A mechanical engineer would design a car or a bookcase .
Telecommunication engineering which connect the world .
Chemical engineers use chemicals to make products like drugs and medicines or fertilizers for crops .
Chemical engineers use chemicals to make things like drugs and medicines or fertilizers for crops .
Engineering is the use of science and mathematics to design or make .
They learn engineering by studying at a university or technical school .
Engineering is the use of science and technology to design or make .
They learn to do engineering by studying at a university .
There are different types of engineers that design everything from computers and buildings to watches and websites .
Discourse Analysis .
Seeking to define communication as a static word or unified discipline may not be as important as understanding communication as a family of resemblances with a plurality of definitions as Ludwig Wittgenstein had put forth .
With the presence of communication noise these three components of communication often become skewed and inaccurate .
The form depends on the symbol systems used .
This form of communication formed by a dyad and larger is sometimes referred to as the psychological model of communication where in a message is sent by a sender through channel to a receiver .
The following model of communication has been criticized and revised .
Our indebtedness to the Ancient Romans in the field of communication does not end with the Latin root communicare .
They devised what might be described as the first real mail or postal system in order to centralize control of the empire from Rome .
This allowed for personal letters and for Rome to gather knowledge about events in its many widespread provinces .
Communications media impact more than the reach of messages .
The adoption of a dominant communication medium is important enough that historians have folded civilization into ages according to the medium most widely used .
This is not limited to live conversations or broadcasts .
Any person may improperly process any message if they do not focus adequately .
The word language is also used to refer to common properties of languages .
Language learning is normal in human childhood .
Most human languages use patterns of sound or gesture for symbols which enable communication with others around them .
These languages are not necessarily restricted to the properties shared by human languages .
Telecommunication is the transmission of over a distance for the purpose of communication .
Animal communication is any behavior on the part of one animal that has an effect on the current or future behavior of another animal .
This is quite evident as humans are able to communicate with animals especially dolphins and other animals used in circuses however these animals have to learn a special means of communication .
Communication is the process of exchanging ideas and information .
Showing your feelings .
Natural communication is when any type of animal communicates with each other .
Discourse Analysis .
Seeking to define communication as a static word or unified discipline may not be as important as understanding communication as a family of resemblances with a plurality of definitions as Ludwig Wittgenstein had put forth .
With the presence of communication noise these three components of communication often become skewed and inaccurate .
The form depends on the symbol systems used .
This form of communication formed by a dyad and larger is sometimes referred to as the psychological model of communication where in a message is sent by a sender through channel to a receiver .
The following model of communication has been criticized and revised .
Our indebtedness to the Ancient Romans in the field of communication does not end with the Latin root communicare .
They devised what might be described as the first real mail or postal system in order to centralize control of the empire from Rome .
This allowed for personal letters and for Rome to gather knowledge about events in its many widespread provinces .
Communications media impact more than the reach of messages .
The adoption of a dominant communication medium is important enough that historians have folded civilization into ages according to the medium most widely used .
This is not limited to live conversations or broadcasts .
Any person may improperly process any message if they do not focus adequately .
Communication can be impaired via processes such as bypassing and indiscrimination .
The word language is also used to refer to common properties of languages .
Language learning is normal in human childhood .
Most human languages use patterns of sound or gesture for symbols which enable communication with others around them .
These languages are not necessarily restricted to the properties shared by human languages .
Telecommunication is the transmission of over a distance for the purpose of communication .
Animal communication is any behavior on the part of one animal that has an effect on the current or future behavior of another animal .
This is quite evident as humans are able to communicate with animals especially dolphins and other animals used in circuses however these animals have to learn a special means of communication .
Communication is when information is passed from a sender to a recipient using a medium .
Communication is the act of passing ideas and information .
Showing your feelings .
Natural communication is when any type of animal communicates with each other .
Many people in the world speak the English language today .
The Germans came to England in small groups in the first millennium .
Many famous stories and plays are in English .
Shakespeare was a famous English writer of poems and plays .
The word English comes from the name of the Angles .
Many people think that he is the greatest English writer of all time and one of the greatest in the world .
He wrote plays about history and tragedy .
He also wrote comedies .
Many people consider him to be the greatest English writer of all time and one of the greatest in the world .
He wrote plays about history and tragedy and he wrote comedies .
Turkey has 81 provinces .
Ataturk introduced many changes that made Turkey more modern and western .
These days Turkey is a popular tourist destination .
Before that Turkey was part of the Ottoman Empire .
Ataturk introduced many changes that made Turkey more modern and western .
Turkey has 81 provinces .
These days Turkey is a popular tourist destination .
Because of its important location throughout history it has been the home of many civilisatons including the Hittites and the Byzantine Roman Empire .
The length is 545 kilometers .
The Bible is a collection of texts of different authors .
There are different versions of the Bible .
All Christians believe that it contains the word of God .
The Bible is the holy book of Christianity .
It is considered to have the word of God by all Christians .
The main part of this book is the story of the life of Jesus Christ .
The main part of this book is the story of the life of Jesus Christ and the event 's after his death .
Rome is an educational place in Italy .
The children in Rome have to start school at the age of six and 14 .
This takes them to the end of Junior High School .
Rome has the largest university in Italy and it is named University of Rome .
It was founded in 1303 .
About 200 000 students go to study at this University .
Rome is a educational place in Italy .
The children in Rome have to start school at the age of six and 14 this takes them to the end of Junior High School .
Rome has a the largest university in Italy and it is named University of Rome it was founded in 1303 about 200 000 students go to study at this University .
About 1 million people live there .
The most interesting thing to see there is Cologne Cathedral .
This church was built in 1248 and later .
This Cathedral was built in 1248 and later .
The city was founded as Colonia Claudia Ara Agrippinensis by the Romans in the year 50 .
During carnival time it even appears on nationwide broadcasts .
The city was founded as Colonia Claudia Ara Agrippinensium by the Romans in the year 50 .
During Karneval time it even appears on nationwide broadcasts .
Sound can not travel through space because there is no medium for the energy to move through .
Gravity is a force of pulling between any two masses .
Gravity is a force of pulling between any two Masses .
Internet TLD .
The capital city is also called Luxembourg .
It is a small country .
It was one of the first countries in the European Union .
The castle was given to the Hapsburgs .
Luxembourg was ruled by the Hapsburgs again .
It was ruled by the king of the Netherlands .
September 1944 Luxembourg became independent again because the United States Army arrived .
That is now called the European Union .
This is quite contrary to the rest of Germany .
Most German States have a Protestant majority .
That means that in most german states there are more protestants than catholics .
Berlin is the capital of Germany .
It is also the biggest city in Germany .
The city has an area of 891 km2 .
On the boulevard you will find the Humboldt University and the State Opera of Berlin .
There is now West Berlin and East Berlin .
The new Berlin becomes the capital of new Germany .
Berlin is the biggest city and capital of Germany .
One of the most important substances that contains oxygen is water .
The water formed by oxygen and hydrogen is required by all living things to live .
Another important substance that contains oxygen is air .
The air that you breathe is actually made of many gases that are mixed together .
Oxygen is also an important part of the process called combustion or burning .
This ability of oxygen is also used in many technologies and industries .
Pure oxygen can be produced in several ways .
This process is called photosynthesis .
Most of the oxygen in the air is produced by photosynthesis .
It is one of the gases found in the air .
It has no color or smell and can not be seen .
The purpose of breathing is to get a fresh supply of oxygen into the body .
Oxygen also helps burning .
Water is something that all animals need to live .
Water contains oxygen .
This water is required by all living things to live .
Air also contains oxygen .
Air is made of many gases that are mixed together .
Oxygen is also what makes burning possible .
This is called combustion .
This ability of oxygen has many uses .
Combustion is used in many ways .
One of the most important substances that contains oxygen is water .
The water formed by oxygen and hydrogen is required by all living things to live .
Another important substance that contains oxygen is air .
The air that you breathe is actually made of many gases that are mixed together .
Oxygen is also an important part of the process called combustion or burning .
This ability of oxygen is also used in many technologies and industries .
Oxygen is also what makes burning possible .
Oxygen is also what makes burning possible .
The water and electrolytes in plasma come from the food and water that you eat .
The water and electrolytes in plasma come from the food and water that you consume .
This stops blood from going out of the skin too much .
This stops blood from going out of the skin in large amounts .
Plasma is part of blood categorizationalismists .
Blood plasma is the yellow liquid where the blood cells float .
Plasma that does not contain the protein fibrinogen is called serum .
Plasma is part of blood types .
Sometimes a program uses data .
Programs have instructions which make the computer do different things .
Computers are useful because they can change data quickly .
A computer programmer writes down what they want the computer to do using a special progamming language .
Here is an example telling the computer to print the word HELLO on the screen .
Here is an instruction telling the computer to hold the number 10 in the variable called A.
Here is an example telling the computer to ask for input .
This will store the input in the variable called N.
INPUT WHAT IS YOUR NAME ?
Programs have other instructions which make the computer do different things .
Here is an example which tells the computer to print ALICE on the screen only if the variable A holds the number 10 .
Here is an example which will print the word FUN until a key is pressed .
Computers are useful because they can change the data quickly .
Here is another loop which prints every number from 10 until a key is pressed .
The third line tells the computer to add 1 to whatever the variable A is holding .
A computer program consists of many instructions that tell a computer what to do .
A computer program consists of many instructions that tells a computer what to do .
The word data means pieces of information .
Russia is a democratic country with a president who is chosen by the people .
Russia is democratic country with president who is chosen by the people .
It is the largest country in the world .
The most common religion in Russia is Christianity .
Christians in Russia have their own special type of church .
It is called the Russian Orthodox Church .
The most common religion is Russia is Russian orthadox .
Russia is now a democratic country .
The president is chosen in direct elections .
Its official language is Russian .
This king was called czar .
Russia is now a democratic country with a president chosen in direct elections .
The official language is Russian .
Most Christians in Russia belong to the Russian Orthodox Church .
It is one of the Eastern Orthodox Churches .
Christians in Russia have their own special type of church .
It is called the Russian Orthodox Church .
Moscow slowly took control of the principalities around it and dominated the cultural and political legacy of Kievan Rus ' .
Moscow slowly combined the surrounding Russian principalities and dominated the cultural and political legacy of Kievan Rus ' .
Moscow sits on the center of three three parts of Earth 's crust .
Moscow has a large economic infrastructure .
It is home to the most billionares in the world .
Moscow was the host of the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Its good place on the start of the Volga River helped the city to grow slowly biger and bigger .
Each area is called a canton .
An Urkanton is a canton that existed since the foundation of Switzerland in 1291 .
With time other cantons joined Switzerland .
Jura is the newest canton in Switzerland since 1978 .
So all cantons have their own constitution .
Each area is called canton .
A Urkanton is a canton that exists since the fondation of Switzerland in 1291 .
With the time other cantons came to Switzerland .
The newest canton Jura is since 1978 in Switzerland .
So all cantons have it own constitution .
Iceland is a country in northern Europe .
Iceland is an island between Norway and America .
Iceland is a democracy country .
They speak Icelandic .
It is a scandinavian language .
The language is almost the same like for 1000 years ago .
The capital is Reykjavik .
The peoples who came from Norway founded the country Iceland .
Iceland was a colony of Denmark up to 1944 .
The main commercial part is the fishing industry .
Capital is Reykjavik .
The country was colony of Denmark up to 1944 .
Fishing industry and active vulkanos .
Slope is a mathematical idea .
Slope is a mathematical concept .
This means a lot of earthquakes happen .
There are many fault lines in California .
That 's where two plates in the Earth 's crust meet .
California is a large state in the western United States .
They occur when two earth crusts shift underground .
If California was a separate country it would have the sixth largest economy in the world .
California is probably the state with the most ethnic groups .
They occur when two earth crusts meet .
People in California have to be prepared for earthquakes .
It is the only state that has more people than Canada .
Propaganda is information designed to make people feel a certain way or believe a certain thing .
But advertising is usually trying to sell something and propaganda is usually political .
Another group may try to change the way people act towards an issue .
Propaganda is similar to censorship .
Propaganda is also used to win people by tricking them .
English propaganda against Germany in the First World War .
Propaganda is information specially designed to make people feel a certain way or believe a certain thing .
It can also be nationalist .
Or another interest group may try to change the way people act towards an issue .
Propaganda is related to censorship .
Propaganda is also used in psychological warfare .
A star is an object in space that gives off light .
The Sun is the nearest star to the earth .
The second nearest star to earth is Proxima Centaur .
It is 40 trillion kilometers away .
That is 70 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 .
Many stars are between 1 billion and 10 billion years old .
The apparent brightness of a star is measured by its apparent magnitude .
There are also star clusters in the the space .
A typical galaxy contains hundreds of billions of stars .
Then stars form by gravitational instability inside those clouds triggered by shockwaves from supernovae .
Such stars are said to be on the main sequence .
It will fade into a black dwarf over absurdly long stretches of time .
The outflow from supernovae and the stellar wind of large stars play an important part in shaping the interstellar medium .
Stellar evolution explains how stars are created and die in greater detail .
A star is an object in space .
Stars give off light .
We orbit the Sun .
It is the nearest star to the Earth .
It is 40 trillion kilometres away .
Astronomers think there are a very large number of stars in the Universe .
They estimate that there are at least 70 sextillion stars .
Most stars are very old .
They are usually between 1 and 10 billion years old .
That is the estimated age of the Universe .
Stars differ a lot in size .
Supergiant stars are the largest things in the Universe .
The energy produced by stars radiates away from them .
It is electromagnetic radiation .
This is mostly visible light .
They make this energy by nuclear fusion inside themselves .
This turns hydrogen into helium .
Stars also give of a stream of neutrinos .
These are very small particles .
Stars are a source of gravity .
This is what keeps planets close to them .
This happens when they are very close together .
This is also becuase of gravity .
Stars are not spread evenly across all of space .
They are grouped into galaxies .
Stars are born in nebulas .
These are large areas of slightly higher density of matter .
This is called a supernova .
This makes parts of the nebula collapse .
Stars form in these collapsed areas .
The Orion Nebula is an example of a place where stars form .
A star is an object in space that gives off light .
They make light by nuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium .
When they are about to die they might use diffent elements .
The Sun is the nearest star to the earth .
It is 40 trillion kilometers away .
That is 70 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 .
Many stars are between 1 billion and 10 billion years old .
There are also star clusters in the the space .
Then stars form by gravitational instability inside those clouds triggered by shockwaves from supernovae .
A star is a kind of object in space .
Most stars are mostly made of hydrogen and helium .
They turn the hydrogen into helium .
That nuclear fusion produces a tremendous amount of energy .
The apparent brightness of a star is measured by its apparent magnitude .
Stars also give off a stream of neutrinos .
This is also because of gravity .
A star is an object in space .
They make this energy by nuclear fusion inside themselves .
This turns hydrogen into helium .
Stars also give of a stream of neutrinos .
The apparent brightness of a star is measured by its apparent magnitude .
This is also becuase of gravity .
This process of changing hydrogen into helium is called nuclear fusion .
Stars are a source of a gravity field .
There are even groups of three or more stars orbiting each other .
That nuclear fusion produces a tremendous amount of energy .
Stars also give off a stream of neutrinos .
Stars are a source of gravity .
This is also because of gravity .
This is called nuclear fusion .
Fusion produces a lot of energy .
This is how stars make light .
Proxima Centauri is the smallest star in a group of three .
This process of changing hydrogen into helium is called nuclear fusion .
The energy makes the star very hot .
Some stars look brighter than other stars to people on Earth .
There are 2 reasons for stars to differ in apparent magnitude .
The apparent brightness of a star is measured by its apparent magnitude .
That is the estimated age of the Universe .
Scientists think that is the age of the Universe .
Drunk driving is illegal in most areas of the world .
The state of Georgia was one of the last states to make laws against drunk driving .
One of the years with the most alcohol related crashes was 1982 .
The state of Georgia was one of the last states to adopt laws against drunk driving .
One of the worst years in alcohol related crashes was 1982 .
HTML5 is expected to become the standard version of HTML within the next few years .
The tag which can be used with JavaScript to draw 2D pictures and animations .
A tag for adding videos to a webpage .
The W3C recommends doing this with CSS instead .
Some tags like the tag and the tag are called empty tags .
HTML5 is being developed as the next big new version of HTML .
It will have new tags like the tag which can be used to draw pictures on .
The drawing is done through JavaScript .
We call an animal with two legs a biped .
We call an animals with four legs a quadruped .
A leg is a means of support .
Yellow can be interpreted as a sign of cowardice .
Yellow is a sign of cowardice .
The team usually wears green clothes when they play games at their own stadium .
The club 's stadium is called Home Park .
It was ruined by German aeroplanes in World War II .
Plymouth Argyle has never won a match by more than 7 goals .
Luke McCormick is a goalkeeper .
He played seven games in a row for Plymouth Argyle without the letting other teams score a single goal .
The team usually wear green clothes when they play games at their own stadium .
Plymouth Argyle have never won a match by more than 7 goals .
He played seven games in a row for Plymouth Argyle without letting the other teams score a single goal .
He played seven games in a row for Plymouth Argyle without the letting other teams score a single goal .
England is the biggest part of the United Kingdom .
It is next to Wales and Scotland .
England is a country .
It makes up the biggest part of the United Kingdom .
England is next to Wales and Scotland .
England is the largest of the four kingdoms that joined together to form the United Kingdom .
England is the biggest of the four kingdoms that joined together to form the United Kingdom .
The next Queen was Queen Anne .
England is the largest of the four kingdoms that joined together to form the United Kingdom .
About 50 million live in England .
England is bordered by Wales and Scotland which are both also on the island of Great Britain .
Queen Victoria was the Queen for most of the 19th century .
England is on the island of Great Britain .
Other countries of Europe that are near England are Belgium and the Netherlands .
London is the largest city and the capital .
The English language is a West Germanic language spoken in many countries around the world .
As many as a billion people speak it as a second language .
A related tribe called the Saxons settled in the south of England .
England became one country in 937 .
England soon had an English king again .
England took over the country of Wales in the 13th century .
The religion of England was Roman Catholicism .
Many of the bishops did not agree with this .
Queen Elizabeth I was Henry 's second daughter .
She was a powerful queen who ruled for more than 40 years .
James was unpopular with a lot of people because he was Roman Catholic .
Many people welcomed William because he was a Protestant .
James left the country without a fight and Parliament asked William and Mary to become King and Queen together .
The English football team has won the World Cup once .
URL retrieved on 6 June 2007 .
URL accessed 6 June 2007 .
Britain USA .
URL retrieved 6 June 2006 .
The Angles ' name has had various spellings .
Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum .
Researcher Thomas Mally found that the word England often relates to the Latin translation for the prosperous .
The current position of the English Channel was a large river flowing westwards and fed by tributaries that would later become the Thames and the Seine .
These migrants would later adopt the Celtic culture that came to dominate much of western Europe .
The dominant themes of the seventh to tenth centuries were the spread of Christianity and the political unification of England .
In the next century his family came to rule all England .
However the political ties and direction of England were changed forever by the Norman Conquest in 1066 .
Wales shared a legal identity with England as the joint entity originally called England and later England and Wales .
The plague repeatedly returned to haunt England throughout the 14th to 17th centuries .
The break with Rome started in the reign of Henry VIII .
The English Reformation paved the way for the spread of Anglicanism in the church and other institutions .
The English Civil War was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations that took place between Parliamentarians and Royalists from 1642 until 1651 .
The Civil War ended with the Parliamentary victory at the Battle of Worcester on 3 September 1651 .
In the Local Government Act 1972 it was made part of Wales .
Berwick is regarded today as part of England .
The Isle of Man and the Channel Islands are Crown dependencies and are not part of England or of the United Kingdom .
The Scottish and Welsh governing institutions were created by the UK parliament with support from the majority of people of Scotland and Wales in referenda in 1997 and are not independent of the rest of the United Kingdom .
The Question is that there is no convention or rule whereby Scottish MPs are barred from voting on issues relating only to England and Wales in the post devolution era .
This change was implemented in the 2005 General Election .
Lord Falconer claimed a devolved English parliament would dwarf the rest of the United Kingdom .
BBC politics .
BBC talking point .
The counties each had a county town .
Parishes are prohibited from existing in Greater London .
The 32 London boroughs and the City of London Corporation remain the local form of government in the city .
It is bordered to the north by Scotland and to the west by Wales .
English Climate Met Office .
London is by far the largest urban area in England and one of the largest and busiest cities in the world .
Various definitions of cities can be used .
England 's economy is the second largest in Europe and the fifth largest in the world .
Fact Monster .
Visit Britain .
England would have the fourth largest population in the European Union and would be the 25th largest country by population if it were a sovereign state .
URL accessed 19 November 2006 making it second only to the Netherlands .
This was particularly true during the Industrial Revolution .
The number had risen dramatically since 2000 .
They were outnumbered by immigrants from New Commonwealth countries .
The European Union allows free movement between the member states .
Many Poles work in seasonal occupations and a large number is likely to move back and forth including between Ireland and other EU Western nations .
England has a vast and influential culture that encompasses elements both old and new .
The English have played a significant role in the development of the arts and sciences .
England has played a significant part in the advancement of Western architecture .
English folklore is rich and diverse .
They should therefore be considered as part of the folklore of the British Isles as a whole .
The English language has a rich and prominent literary heritage .
This is the first time since the 1994 World Cup that England has failed to qualify for a major football championship and first time since 1984 that the team will miss the Euros .
Sport England is the governing body responsible for distributing funds and providing strategic guidance for sporting activity in England .
It will run from 26 July to 12 August 2012 .
Its use was confined primarily to the lower social classes while official business was conducted in a mixture of Latin and French .
URL retrieved 6 June 2007 .
URL retrieved 6 June 2007 .
Whole Earth magazine .
Cornwall County Council has produced a draft strategy to develop these plans .
BSL is not an official language of the UK and most British government departments and hospitals have limited facilities for deaf people .
The BBC broadcasts several of its programs with BSL interpreters .
Those with particularly strong accents may not be easily understood elsewhere in the country .
Levels of attendance in various denominations have begun to decline .
Page 11 .
European Commission .
The Synod of Whitby in 664 ultimately led to the English Church being fully part of Roman Catholicism .
Many of the Church of England 's cathedrals and parish churches are historic buildings of significant architectural importance .
The Church of England is still the official state church .
URL retrieved 6 June 2007 .
URL retrieved 6 June 2007 .
URL retrieved 6 June 2007 .
At least eight existing schools in England were founded in the first millennium .
State and private schools and colleges have continued side by side since that time .
The oldest surviving girls ' school in England is Red Maids ' School founded in 1634 .
The M6 motorway is the country 's longest motorway running from Rugby through North West England to the Scottish border .
URL accessed 20 November 2006 .
An estimated 165 million journeys are made by people on Britain 's waterways annually .
Ports in the UK handled over 560 million tonnes of domestic and international freight in 2005 .
The government department overseeing transport is the Department for Transport .
Retrieved 22 October 2006 .
Retrieved 22 October 2006 .
Retrieved 22 October 2006 .
Pg 21 among others .
The celebrations have increased year on year over the past five years .
There are two distinct linguistic patterns for the name of the country .
Also see alternative words for British .
This small dragon has the look of a griffin or a wyvern .
The St George 's Cross is a red cross on a white background and is the national flag of England .
St George 's Cross was originally the flag of Genoa and was adopted by England and the City of London in 1190 for their ships entering the Mediterranean to benefit from the protection of the powerful Genoese fleet .
The English Monarch paid an annual tribute to the Doge of Genoa for this privilege .
The cross of St George would become the official Flag of England .
A red cross acted as a symbol for many Crusaders in the 12th and 13th centuries .
This was certainly evident at the 1966 Football World Cup when English fans predominantly flew the latter .
The rose is used in a variety of contexts in its use for England 's representation .
This symbolism is reflected in the Royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom and the crest of the FA .
England is the largest of the countries that form the United Kingdom .
England is the largest of countries that form the United Kingdom .
Prince Charles is Gay .
Prince Charles is Gay .
It used to be a separate kingdom .
Gaelic is a Celtic language like Irish and Welsh .
Scots is a Germanic language spoken in the east and south of Scotland .
Some people say Scots is a kind of English and some people say it is a language .
Scotland is a country in the Northern part of the British Isles .
It used to be its own kingdom .
It used to be a separate kingdom .
It was a apart from Great Britain .
It used to be its own kingdom .
Some people say Scots is a kind of English and some people say it is a language .
Scotland was once an independent country with its own government but is now one of the four parts that form United Kingdom .
Scotland was once an independent country with its own government but is now one of the four states that form United Kingdom .
In 1603 the King of Scotland James VI of Scotland became King of England too .
The only correct name for the area at the moment is Northern Ireland .
The only correct name for the area at the moment is is Northern Ireland .
England is the biggest part of the island .
England is in the south east .
Wales is to the west of England .
Scotland is to the north of England .
Ireland is to the west of Great Britain .
Ireland contains the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland .
Northern Ireland is also part of the United Kingdom .
West from Great Britain is the island of Ireland which consists of the Irish Republic and Northern Ireland where the United Kingdom still controls up to today .
Scotland 's capital is Edinburgh and Wales ' is Cardiff .
Northern Ireland is also part of the United Kingdom .
Scotland 's capital is Edinburgh and Wales is Cardiff .
In the year 1800 Ireland joined up with Great Britain and they all were then called The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
This was done to make sure that the stadium could never again be sold to developers .
This was done to ensure the stadium could never again be sold to developers .
In 1981 the club appointed Howard Kendall to be the new manager .
It plays in a white shirt and black shorts for home games .
This was because the club needed to change Craven Cottage because of new rules .
Some people who live near to Craven Cottage do not like having a big club near to them .
They made it hard for the club to be allowed to make the changes .
It 's manager is Chris Coleman .
There are no other Muslim players in the Premiership .
Lots of Fulham players are from England .
The captain of the team is Luis Boa Morte .
He is very fast and always wants to win .
Choose the Fulham team !
The club plays in the FA Barclaycard Premiership .
They play at Old Trafford Football Ground which is near the city of Manchester .
The club is one of the most succesful clubs in England .
It has won the FA Premier League and Football League fifteen times .
Manchester United made Sir Matt Busby their manager after the Second World War .
They play at Old Trafford Football Ground which is outside the city of Manchester .
The club is one of the most successful clubs in England having won the FA Premier League and Football League fifteen times .
The club currently has no manger following Kevin Keegan 's resignation on 4 September 2008 .
The club are currently managerless following Kevin Keegan 's resignation on the 4th September 2008 .
It is based in Ipswich in the county of Suffolk .
They are based in Ipswich in the county of Suffolk .
Sunderland AFC were created in 1879 and joined the Football League in 1891 .
They have won the league six times .
The last time Sunderland won the league was in 1936 .
Their initial prospects looked excellent but they failed to break the losing habit and have been relegated back to the Championship .
Many football fans in Wimbledon did not agree with the move .
The club played in the English Football League and won the FA Cup in 1992 .
They stayed there for the next 12 years .
Nobody really knows why they wanted to move .
This meant that they did n't collect enough money at the gate to pay everyone and that is why they could not afford to stay .
They looked at Cardiff and Dublin before deciding too move to Milton Keynes .
The FA is the association of all the football clubs in England .
The clubs elect a Committee to decide what to do about things .
Most things they have to decide are easy but this was not easy to decide .
Or maybe they knew what to decide but did n't want to be the ones to decide it .
So they asked a three clever men to study the problem and tell them what would be best to do .
These three men said that the club should be allowed to move .
Some members of the Committee did not like this decision and tried to stop it .
It costs a lot of money to go to court and whoever loses has to pay for everybody .
They had borrowed money from the bank to keep going but now the bank wanted its money back .
Many football fans around England did not like the idea that a club could move .
They believe that a club belongs to a town and it is not like a furniture shop that closes down in one town and opens in another town .
Another reason that they did n't like it is that they would love to see their own club get into the Football League .
The only way that they can do that is if they win their regional league .
So they felt that Milton Keynes was jumping the queue to get into the League .
The club played in the English Football League .
Wimbledon FC was bought by unscrupulous business man with view to justify a property development in Milton Keynes .
The dedicated fans did not stand idle .
They started a new club named AFC Wimbledon which is considered the be a continuation of the old Wimbledon FC .
It is worth noting that the 3 man commission went against the recommendation of the FA themselves and that the FA consented to the move only after legal action was threatened and the other football league clubs were unwilling to underwrite the legal case .
It is located on the Ruhr river and it is near Cologne .
It is located on the Ruhr river and in the near of Cologne .
The decision is made based on the number of votes .
The decision is made according to the largest number of votes .
United staes is a domecracy .
The decision is made based on the number of votes .
This form of government was developed long ago by the ancient Greeks in the city of Athens .
They would pick a leader by writing the name of their favorite candidate on a piece of stone or wood .
The candidate with the most votes became the leader .
The decision is made based on the number of votes .
This form of government was developed long ago by the ancient Greeks in the city of Athens .
They would pick a leader by writing the name of their favorite candidate on a piece of stone or wood .
The candidate with the most votes became the leader .
United staes is a domecracy .
What they do is they put together all the people who have trhe right to vote in a common place .
Discussions and voting then takes place at this meeting .
Up until very recently the right to vote was exercised by raising one 's sword .
The participants in the Council would change every year and the amount of people in the Council is about 500 .
The person with the most votes became the leader .
The participants in the Council would change every year and the amount of people in the Council is maximum 500 .
The candidate with the most votes became the leader .
Some games have many rules and are more complicated .
Some games have few rules and are very simple .
Some games have many rules and are more complicated some games have few rules and are very simple .
Time is a highly abstract idea related to the fourth dimension .
Spanish and French and Italian and Portuguese are all part of the Romance language family .
The game goes on when the white player starts by moving a piece .
Each player takes a turn after the has moved .
Neither one of the pieces in the making of the castle may have been moved during the game .
There must be no pieces between the King and the Rook .
The game commences when the white player starts by moving a piece .
Each player takes a turn after the opponent has moved .
The earliest evidence of Chess is found in Sassanid Persia around 600 .
The earliest evidence of Chess is found in the neighboring Sassanid Persia around 600 where the game is known under the name became chatrang .
Muslim tradeers carried the game to Russia and to Western Europe .
Murray thought that this change happened from Muslim traders coming to European seaports with chess Kings as before they brought the game of chess .
The game got to Western Europe and Russia .
The game was known as chatrang or shatranj .
The earliest written evidence of chess is found in Sassanid Persia around 600 .
The game is played by the two opponents taking turns to move one of their pieces to a different square of the board .
There are strict rules about which squares each piece can move to .
A player can capture a piece of the other color .
They can not move on diagonals .
The Bishops move diagonally up and down the board .
They can not move on horizontals .
Each move must be two squares along one horizontal and one square along another horizontal .
The Pawns can only move up the board .
They can not move in diagonals .
They can not jump over other pieces and has the right to capture a piece as the King and Queen does .
The Bishops can move in only diagonals .
The rest of the characteristics of the Bishops are the same as the Rooks .
It can also capture like the other pieces .
There is a special move Pawns can do .
Its called en passant .
No piece may move to a square occupied by a piece of the same color .
On its first move a pawn may move either one or two squares forward .
This rule only applies to Pawns .
It just drives you to think in ways you 've never thought before .
There are also many different kinds of games like chess .
There are also many different kinds of chess variants .
The colors of the squares are layed out in a checked pattern and are called light squares and dark squares .
The King and the Rook must be on the same .
The colors of the squares are layed out in a checked pattern and are referred to as light squares and dark squares .
The King and the Rook must be on the same rank .
Expert players spend years studying openings .
Most of strategies are for the beginning of the game .
Black can in many different ways .
This can make chess a very complex game .
Other chess openings are more .
Other chess openings are more risky .
Chess moves can also be shown with punctuation marks and other symbols .
Chess moves can also be with punctuation marks and other symbols .
A player can take a piece of the other color .
The game ends when a King can not move without being taken .
No piece may move to a square already taken by a piece of the same color .
The King can move in any direction but can only move one square each turn .
A player can capture a piece of the other color .
The game ends when a King can not move without being captured .
No piece may move to a square by a piece of the same color .
The King can move in any direction but can only move one square per turn .
The handbook also explains about chess tournaments .
Other chess openings need more skill .
The handbook also has information on official chess tournaments .
Other chess openings are more .
The rooks move any distance on the ranks or files .
The rooks moves any distance on the ranks or files .
Black can return to that move in many different ways .
Black can reply in many different ways .
The king and the rook must be on the same .
FIDE also give rules and guidelines for chess tournaments .
The handbook also explains about chess tournaments .
See also .
Kilogram was historically named by the original unprefixed name grave .
Kilogram was historically named by original unprefixed name Grave .
There are attempts to define the kilogram in other ways .
Mass is an inertial property .
It measures the tendency of an object to stay at a given speed when no force acts on it .
Someone could push an adult on the swing .
If a child is sitting on the swing then that the child would swing forward much faster .
The weight of matter depends on the strength of gravity .
The mass of matter is the same everywhere .
One litre of water weighs almost exactly one kilogram .
The second is a unit of time .
Orange is one of only a few English words that does not rhyme with anything .
Orange is one of only a few English words that do not rhyme with anything .
But orange is not as heated a color as red .
Dark orange can mean lying or not trusting somebody .
Dark orange can mean deceit and distrust .
String theory has been developed because of an extremely important problem that has faced physics for almost 100 years .
String theory 's development has come primarily because of an extremely important problem that has faced physics for almost 100 years .
String theory says that this is wrong and that the simplest objects in the universe are shaped like pieces of string .
These strings are so small that even when looked at very closely they look like points .
Each basic particle is created by the strings vibrating in different patterns .
The reason scientists had not thought of this idea for so long is that strings are much harder to work with than points .
String theory has been developed because of a very important problem that has existed for almost 100 years .
Many of these problems can be solved by thinking of basic particles as strings .
But there are some problems with string theory .
The other direction is time .
String theory needs 10 basic directions .
These six other directions can be explained if they are curled up so they are much too small to see .
Another problem with string theory is that there are 5 different versions of it .
Each version allows different kinds of strings and says they work in different ways .
These strings would be so small that on even the tiny scale of particles they would seem like points .
String theory has been developed because of an extremely important problem that has faced physics for almost 100 years .
Another problem with string theory is that there are 5 different formulations of it .
Or you can just look at this as a mathematical trick .
A trick that has little to do with the real world that you can see and touch .
What Witten actually did was to predict that the fact that all these different theories were connected was a result of there being some underlying theory to which they were all approximations of .
This theory is somewhat vague in nature and has not yet been pinned down .
These six other directions can be explained if they are curled up so they are much too small to see .
What Witten actually did was to predict that the fact that all these different theories were connected was a result of there being some underlying theory to which they were all approximations of .
This theory is somewhat vague in nature and has not been pinned down .
This means that they can freely move and expand to fill a container .
This means that they can flow and expand to fill a container .
A inkpad is a small box that has ink on a thick piece of cloth or other material .
It is used for putting ink onto a marker that is pressed onto paper .
A inkpad is a small box containing ink on a thick piece of cloth or other material .
It is used for putting ink onto a marker that is to be pressed onto paper .
Part of the area west of London is sometimes termed the Thames Valley whilst east of Tower Bridge development agencies and Ministers use the term Thames Gateway .
Part of the area west of London is sometimes termed the Thames Valley whilst east of Tower Bridge development agencies and Ministers have taken to using the term Thames Gateway .
Part of the area west of London is sometimes called the Thames Valley and the area east of Tower Bridge development agencies and Ministers is called Thames Gateway .
Part of the area west of London is sometimes termed the Thames Valley whilst east of Tower Bridge development agencies and Ministers use the term Thames Gateway .
It goes through London the capital city of the United Kingdom .
The Thames was an important way to go between London and Westminster in the 16th and 17th centuries .
The guild of watermen took Londoners back and forth by ferry .
The last time the river froze over was in 1814 .
It is used many times a year to stop water damage to London 's low lying areas up the river .
Many books have been written about the Thames .
Somewhere near Oxford is where the Liddells were rowing in the poem at the start of Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland .
Somewhere near here was where Alice fell asleep in the book .
The river is named in both The Wind in the Willows and the play Toad of Toad Hall .
It goes through London .
Part of the area west of London is sometimes called the Thames Valley and the area east of Tower Bridge development agencies and Ministers is called Thames Gateway .
The Thames provided the important highway between London and Westminster in the 16th and 17th centuries .
The guild of watermen ferried Londoners from landing to landing .
It is used several times a year to prevent water damage to London 's low lying areas upstream .
Many books refer to the Thames .
Somewhere near the Oxford stretch is where the Liddells were rowing in the poem at the start of Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland .
Somewhere near here was where Alice fell asleep .
The river is mentioned in both The Wind in the Willows and the play Toad of Toad Hall .
If the ruler is male they are called a king .
If the ruler of male they are called a king .
A queen is the female head of a royal family .
A queen is the female monarch .
The two sexes have different sexual organs They also often have different functions .
The two sexes have different sexual organs .
They also often have different functions .
Female humans are called women and their bodies are different from men .
Organisms can either be grouped as Male or Female .
Female humans are called women and their bodies are different from men .
This soon became the usual way it was said .
The Bambuco can be sung touching and to interpret instrumentally its origin was in the Colombian Andean Region and was the fruit of the mixture of several dances result of the racial mixture to which there was place in the continent after the arrival of the Spaniards .
The melody consists of one or two or three parts according to the poem .
In the the dance form is placing a foot in front of the other that this supported in the toe doing it to slip in that position and backing down in a small jump .
Jorge Veloza Luis Good Uribe among others .
The Patuma HeKeIsDa Zabala and Barrera Remanseros Group and others .
Over the least few decades Chrismas has been commercialised more and more .
Evergreen trees are used which began as a custom in Germany .
It is probable that He was born somewhere around 4 or 5 BC .
The traditional date in the Christian calendar for Christmas is always December 25 .
It is believed December 25th was chosen to replace a Roman sun god holiday .
There are other holidays that take place around Christmas time .
Chanukkah is a remembrance of the miracle God supplied of 8 days of light and heat to the lamps of the Jewish people as they fought off their enemies .
Neither do they celebrate Yule as this has its origins in the pagan festivals associated with the winter solstice in the northern hemisphere .
A nation is an area of land ruled by a person or group of people .
No one else can make rules for that nation .
The word nation comes from a word meaning birth or place of birth .
Some of these may also be combined .
The word nation is related to an ancient word meaning birth or place of birth .
Combinations of these parts are common .
A model of car produced by the Toyota company .
A model of automobile produced by the Toyota company .
Indonesia has written history as far back as the 7th century .
Indonesia has written history dating to the 7th century .
Property can also mean the characteristics or traits that belong to someone .
They wanted to get control of the Holy Land .
Jerusalem to be freed from Muslim control .
They wanted to get control of the Holy LandConstantinople .
Others think the question itself does not make sense .
Others think the question itself is absurd and nonsensical .
There are also artists who paint pictures or create sculptures to explain the meaning of life .
There are also artists who paint pictures to explain the meaning of life .
All water that falls on the watershed flows into one river .
It can flow directly into the river or go through tributaries first .
The watershed of a river is the area that is drained by the river and all its tributaries .
It can flow directly into the river or go through tributaries first .
Watershed is a geographic term about rivers .
It is an area of land .
All water that falls on the watershed flows into one river .
The watershed of a river can be very large .
That means that over half of the United States is drained by the Mississippi and its tributaries .
Myths are usually very old .
This means there are no records or other evidence that they happened .
All we know about them is from people telling younger people about them .
We do not know if the first person to tell the story made it up or told the truth .
Some myths might have started as true stories but as people told them to other people they changed bits so they are not true anymore .
They might change them by mistake or to make them more interesting .
Stories about the Greek and Roman Gods and Goddesses are myths .
A myth is a story which may or may not be true .
Myths are generally very old .
We know about them is from older people telling them to younger people .
All cultures have myths .
Many people believe in mythological animals and gods .
These animals or gods may have control or has power over a part of human or natural life .
All cultures have developed their own mythology over time .
There are many more .
Joseph Campbell was considered by some people to be a leading Western authority on myth and the history of spirituality .
A myth is a story that may or may not be true .
Myths are usually very old .
All we know about them is from people telling younger people about them .
We do not know if the first person to tell the story made it up or told the truth .
A mythological animal or god is a god or animal that people made to believe in .
They believed that it was the reason that they had storms .
There is talk now within the scientific community about the time before the Big Bang .
Myths are often authoritative final answers with emotional ties .
Joseph Campbell was considered by some people to be the world 's leading authority on myth and the history of spirituality .
By the time one reaches the mythical end of the spectrum the story has taken on a life of its own and the facts of the original event have become almost irrelevant .
It is about 534 km long .
The source of the river is a lake in western Minnesota .
It is approximately 534 km long .
The source of the Minnesota River is a lake in western Minnesota .
Alaska became 50th and final state on January 3 1959 .
Alaska was a state for the first time on January 3 in 1959 .
The State of Alaska is one of the states of the United States .
It is one of two states that does not touch another state .
The other is Hawaii .
It is over 800 miles long .
It is over 800 miles long !
The British Government will in 2006 look at the charter to see if it needs changing .
It also states its duties to the public .
Every household in the UK that owns a television must pay a TV License .
The organization is run by a board of twelve governors appointed by the Queen on advice from ministers .
The BBC is established under Royal Charter .
The current Charter runs until 2006 .
Every household in the UK that owns a television must pay for a TV Licence .
Every household in the UK that owns a television must pay a TV Licence .
Users could also download the content on their computers .
Milk is a liquid that is made by produced by mammals .
Pasteurized cow 's milk will also turn sour if it not kept in a fridge .
This is needed for healthy bones and nerves .
Milk is a liquid that is made by produced by the mammals .
Pasteurized cow 's milk will also turn sour if it not kept in a frige .
This is needed healthy bones and nerves .
It is white in color .
Newborn babies are fed milk before they are able to eat solid food .
Milk contains a lot of calcium .
This is needed for strong bones and healthy nerves .
The amounts of things contained in milk is different in different animals .
Cow milk has less sugar and more fat than human milk .
Some people like to add other flavors to milk before they drink it .
Flavored milk is popular with children .
Chocolate flavor is added to milk to make chocolate milk .
Not everyone agrees on whether milk is healthy for adult humans to drink .
Some research shows that the proteins in milk stop this calcium being useful in adults .
These chemicals may be harmful to people .
Lactic acid bacteria converts the milk sugar into lactic acid .
Pasteurised cow 's milk will also turn sour if it not kept in a refrigerator .
This means it does not have to be put in the refrigerator until it is opened .
Milk contains a chemical called lactose .
Babies make an enzyme called lactase inside their bodies .
This problem is called lactose intolerance and it affects many adults .
Many medicines exist which help adults digest lactose .
Soy milk is a liquid which is similar to milk .
It is made from soy beans .
Coconut milk is the name of a liquid which is similar to milk .
Coconut milk does not have as many nutrients as animal milk .
It is sometimes used in cooking .
There are several labels given to cows milk before it is sold .
These labels help consumers understand how much fat the milk contains .
These labels are different in different countries .
Many things have the word milk in their name .
Milk is a liquid that is made by produced by mammals .
Newborn babies are given milk before they are able to eat solid food .
It is the main place they get their nutrients .
Milk is also the white juice of a coconut .
Coconut milk does not have as many nutrients as animal milk .
It is used in cooking .
What milk is made of is different in different mammals .
Cow 's milk has less sugar and more fat than human milk .
Lactic acid bacteria turns the milk sugar into lactic acid .
Pasteurized cow 's milk will also turn sour if it not kept in a fridge .
This means it does not have to be put in the fridge until it is opened .
Milk contains lactose .
Babies make lactase enzymes in their bodies to digest this .
This is called lactose intolerance and many adults have this .
Not everyone agrees on whether cow 's milk is good for adult humans .
Most people think it is good for children .
Milk has a lot of calcium .
This is needed for healthy bones and nerves .
Full cream is usually seen as less healthy .
Often people say that skimmed milk does not have a lot of taste .
Climate tells us what kinds of weather usually happen in an area at different times of the year .
Climate tells us what kinds of weather usually happens in an area at different times of the year .
Some people think Microsoft gave Explorer away for free to put these other companies out of business .
Some other browsers were being sold for money .
Internet Explorer works on Windows .
Other browsers were being sold for money .
The Platypus is a small mammal that lives in the east part of Australia .
Only four types of mammals living today that lay eggs instead of giving birth to live young .
Its body can be from 30 to 40 cm long .
Its tail can be from 10 to 15 cm long .
Size depends partly on the region a platypus lives in .
No one knows what causes different sizes .
The male Platypus has poisonous ankle spurs .
These are like thorns on its ankles .
The poison is not deadly to humans .
It does produce pain and swelling that can last for several months .
The poison can kill dogs and other small animals .
The Platypus sleeps during the day .
It moves mostly at night .
No one knows exactly where the Platypus may live away from the coast .
Platypus used to live in South Australia .
Irrigation and land clearing has damaged the water there .
It is strange that the Platypus does not live in some healthy rivers .
The Platypus can sense electricity given off by other animals .
No other mammal can do this .
She blocks the tunnel with dirt at several places .
The Platypus does not give birth to live young .
The young Platypus sucks the milk up from the mother 's belly while she lies on her back .
Europeans discovered the Platypus in the 1700s .
They thought it an Asian who stuffs animal skins had made it .
National Geographic magazine published a story on the Platypus in 1939 .
Many people all over the world had never heard of the Platypus .
The story told how hard it is to raise Platypus babies in zoos .
The Healesville Sanctuary in Victoria has raised some .
They say this because humans can ruin the water the Platypus lives in .
The scientific name ornithorhynchus means bird nose in Greek .
Anatinus refers to duck .
Leaving out for now .
It is a small mammal that lives in the east part of Australia .
There are only four types of mammals living today that lay eggs instead of giving birth to live young .
Its body length can be from 30 to 40 cm long .
Its tail length can be from 10 to 15 cm .
The poison is not deadly to humans but produces pain and swelling that can last for several months .
It is not known in what exact areas the Platypus may live in away from the coast .
It is the only mammal that can sense electricity given off by other animals .
The tunnel is blocked by dirt at several places .
The Platypus does not give birth to live young like other mammals .
The young Platypus sucks the milk up from the mother 's belly while she is lying on her back .
The Platypus was discovered by Europeans in the 1700s .
The skin of a dead platypus was sent to Britain to be studied by scientists .
They though it an Asian who stuffs animal skins had made it .
National Geographic magazine published an article on the Platypus in 1939 .
This was the first time many people all over the world heard about the Platypus .
They were raised at Healesville Sanctuary in Victoria .
In some areas skilled fishermen and birdwatchers can see a Platypus every year or two .
They probably say this because humans can mess up the water the Platypus lives in .
This article is about the mammal .
Today there are only four types of mammals which lay eggs .
The scientific name ornithorhynchus means bird nose in Greek .
Anatinus is duck .
What sort of animal is it ?
Its nose is large and rubbery .
Platypuses can be big and small .
Adults can be less than a kilogram or over two kilograms .
The male Platypus has ankle spurs .
These are sharp things on its legs .
There is poison in them .
How does it live ?
The toes on its feet are joined .
The Platypus can sense electricity from other animals .
The Platypus can hunt without using its eyes .
It makes these holes in the riverbank a little above the water .
It likes them hidden under roots .
She blocks the tunnel with earth at several places .
The Platypus lays eggs in its nest .
When the babies come out of the eggs they hold on to the mother .
The mother makes milk for the new babies .
The young Platypus drinks the milk from the mother 's stomach while she lies on her back .
Where can I find a platypus ?
The platypus lives in small streams and rivers over a large area of Australia .
No one knows exactly where the Platypus may live away from the coast .
It is strange that the Platypus does not live in some healthy rivers .
Anyone can see a Platypus in the wild if they have luck and patience .
Europeans saw the first Platypus in the 1700s .
They thought an Asian had made it from pieces of different animals .
National Geographic magazine had a story on the Platypus in 1939 .
They say this because people can make the water unsafe for the Platypus .
This article is about the egg laying mammal .
Only four types of mammals living today that lay eggs instead of giving birth to live young .
The name Duckbilled Platypus comes from this nose .
Its size varies quite a bit .
Adults can weigh between less than a kilogram and over two kilograms .
Size depends partly on the region a platypus lives in .
No one knows what causes different sizes .
The male Platypus has poisonous ankle spurs .
These are like thorns on its ankles .
The poison is not deadly to humans .
It does produce pain and swelling that can last for several months .
It spends part of its time in water .
It lives in small streams and rivers over a large area of Australia .
No one knows exactly where the Platypus may live away from the coast .
Platypus used to live in South Australia .
Irrigation and land clearing has damaged the water there .
It is strange that the Platypus does not live in some healthy rivers .
All four feet of the Platypus are webbed .
The tail and hind feet assist in turning but not speed .
The Platypus can sense electricity given off by other animals .
The Platypus can hunt without using sight .
It makes these holes in the riverbank a little above water level .
It likes them hidden under tangled roots .
She blocks the tunnel with dirt at several places .
The Platypus does not give birth to live young .
The young Platypus sucks the milk up from the mother 's belly while she lies on her back .
Europeans discovered the Platypus in the 1700s .
They thought an asian who stuffs animal skins had made it .
National Geographic magazine published a story on the Platypus in 1939 .
Anyone can see a Platypus in the wild if they have luck and patience .
Ecologists say that it is secure but faces future threat or common but vulnerable .
They say this because humans can ruin the water the Platypus lives in .
The scientific name ornithorhynchus means bird nose in Greek .
Anatinus refers to duck .
Scientists also use the name platypus to refer to the ambrosia beetle .
The platypus is a small mammal that lives in the east part of Australia .
There are only four types of mammals which lay eggs .
Platypuses can be big or small .
The male platypus has ankle spurs .
The platypus sleeps during the day .
It is a very good swimmer and spends much of its time in the water .
The platypus eats other animals .
The platypus can sense electricity from other animals .
The platypus can hunt without using its eyes .
The platypus lays eggs in its nest .
The young platypus drinks the milk from the mother 's stomach while she lies on her back .
No one knows exactly where the platypus may live away from the coast .
It is strange that the platypus does not live in some healthy rivers .
Anyone can see a platypus in the wild if they have luck and patience .
Europeans saw the first platypus in the 1700s .
National Geographic magazine had a story on the platypus in 1939 .
Many people all over the world had never heard of the platypus .
The story told how hard it is to raise platypus babies in zoos .
The Healesville Sanctuary in Victoria has raised a few platypuses .
The platypus will probably not die out completely in the near future .
They say this because people can make the water unsafe for the platypus .
Scientists also use the name Platypus to refer to the ambrosia beetle .
The Platypus is a small mammal that lives in the east part of Australia .
Today there are only four types of mammals which lay eggs .
Platypuses can be big and small .
The male Platypus has ankle spurs .
The Platypus sleeps during the day .
It is an excellent swimmer and spends much of its time in the water .
The Platypus eats other animals .
The Platypus can sense electricity from other animals .
The Platypus can hunt without using its eyes .
The Platypus lays eggs in its nest .
The young Platypus drinks the milk from the mother 's stomach while she lies on her back .
No one knows exactly where the Platypus may live away from the coast .
It is strange that the Platypus does not live in some healthy rivers .
Anyone can see a Platypus in the wild if they have luck and patience .
Europeans saw the first Platypus in the 1700s .
National Geographic magazine had a story on the Platypus in 1939 .
Many people all over the world had never heard of the Platypus .
The story told how hard it is to raise Platypus babies in zoos .
The Healesville Sanctuary in Victoria has raised some .
The Platypus will probably not die out completely in the near future .
They say this because people can make the water unsafe for the Platypus .
The platypus is sometimes duck billed platypus because of this nose .
The platypus is sometimes called duck billed platypus because of this nose .
The platypus is sometimes duck billed platypus because of this nose .
The Swahili language is a language widely spoken in East Africa .
In the Swahili language its name is Kiswahili .
The Swahili language is spoken in a wide area from southern Somalia to northern Mozambique and the whole of Kenya .
Swahili has become a language with which people can communicate within East Africa and the surrounding areas .
Swahili is an official language in Tanzania and Kenya .
It has been influenced by many other languages like the Arabic language .
The words below are examples of the Swahili language .
Swahili language is a language widely spoken in East Africa .
In Swahili language is named is Kiswahili .
Swahili language is spoken in a wide area from southern Somalia to northern Mozambique and the whole of Kenya .
Swahili has become a language with which people can communicate for East Africa and surrounding areas .
Swahili languages is an official language in Tanzania and Kenya .
It has been influenced by many other languages like Arabic language .
The below are examples of Swahili language .
He family has reigned over parts of the United KIngdom for more than a thousand years .
The 16 countries of which she is Queen are known as Commonwealth realms .
Elizabeth II holds many other positions .
Prince Philip was born a prince of Greece and Denmark .
He was later made the Duke of Edinburgh .
He family has reigned over parts of the United Kingdom for more than a thousand years .
Her father was the second son of King George V and brother to the Prince of Wales .
Her name was the Hon .
The two young princesses were educated at home .
Both princesses learned to speak French very well .
The Queen has always been a devout member of the Church of England .
He wanted to marry a woman who was divorced .
Queen Mary also gave the Princess lots of good advice on how to behave like a Queen .
He family has reigned over parts of the United KIngdom for more than a thousand years .
She is currently the only monarch of more than one independent nation .
In March 2008 she surpassed Henry III of England .
She was instructed in religion by the Archbishop of Canterbury and has remained a devout member of the Church of England .
And the King will never leave England .
She spoke to other children who had been evacuated .
And the King will never leave .
She went with her parent to South Africa .
He family has reigned over parts of the United Kingdom for more than a thousand years .
This training was the first time she had been taught together with other students .
It is said that she greatly enjoyed this and that this experience led her to send her own children to school rather than have them educated at home .
But most people throughout the Commonwealth were full of joy .
The wedding was held in Westminster Abbey .
Princess Margaret was one of the nine bridesmaids .
Princess Elizabeth began to make official visits for him .
Elizabeth and Philip were staying at Sagana Lodge in Kenya when she was told of her father 's death and that now she had succeeded to the throne .
Prince Philip had renounced his claim to the Greek throne and was simply referred to as Lieutenant Philip Mountbatten before being created Duke of Edinburgh prior to their marriage .
Princess Elizabeth stayed there when visiting Philip in Malta .
Elizabeth was staying at Sagana Lodge in Kenya when she was told of her father 's death and of her own succession to the throne .
The royal party returned immediately to the United Kingdom .
She regularly attends the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meetings .
She has made state visits to most European countries and to many outside Europe .
She has also regularly attended Commonwealth Heads of Government meetings since the practice was established in Canada in 1973 .
Queen Elizabeth II probably has a huge amount of power .
The Queen is particularly fond of visiting Canada .
She has called Canada her home away from home .
The boxes are two large red boxes that are brought to her from the Parliament every day .
Information supplied by the Royal Household to a parliamentary inquiry into the workings of the monarchy in the early 1970s .
The Queen also has regular meetings with the First Minister of Scotland and other Ministers of the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
She takes a strong interest in the government of her other realms .
This was called a devolution policy .
The Queen opened the first sessions of these two bodies .
The decision of the people was to remain a monarchy .
The Queen visited Australia the following year and said that she would continue to serve Australians as she had done for 48 years .
Elizabeth II has warm friendly relationships with many world leaders .
A paper from 28 September 1956 stated that Mollet had not thought there need be difficulty over France accepting the headship of Her Majesty .
She has also stated that Canada feels like a home away from home .
Others praised it as indicating support for her Rhodesian representative in the face of an illegal action by her Rhodesian prime minister .
A number of AMs boycotted her opening of the first session of the National Assembly for Wales .
The Queen has a coat of arms in each of her Realms .
Each of these is different from the Royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom .
This badge was also used as the Queen 's personal flag which is used in her role as Head of the Commonwealth and for visiting Commonwealth countries where she is not the head of state .
Their total population is over 129 million .
Her family has ruled parts of the British Isles for more than a thousand years .
The 16 countries of which she is Queen are known as Commonwealth realms .
Their total population is over 129 million .
The Queen and Prince Philip have four children and eight grandchildren .
The 16 countries of which she is Queen are known as Commonwealth realms .
Their total population is over 129 million .
Elizabeth II holds many other positions .
A question is something that one asks to find out something .
A question mark is placed at the end of a question .
Sometimes a question needs a simple answer Yes .
Can I help you ?
Do you speak English ?
Is this your bag ?
Other questions are open and need a longer answer .
Where are you from ?
Who do you want to see ?
What did you say ?
Where is it ?
Who are you ?
How did you do that ?
Which meal should I eat ?
People may give a short answer .
People may give a long answer .
It depends on the question .
Other questions are open and need a longer answer .
Guns are used as weapons by many of the world 's militaries .
Guns are very effective .
Guns are used as weapons by many of the world 's armies .
Guns work .
A gun is a machine used to shoot bullets .
Some countries require people to have a special permit if they want to have a weapon .
The trigger is pulled by a finger to fire the bullet .
The barrel guides the bullet .
The handle is what the person holds to fire the gun .
Guns are very effective weapons .
They shoot a bullets at a very high speed .
A gun is a weapon .
It can be used to shoot bullets .
Some countries require a special permit people need to have if they want to have a weapon .
Guns are very effective .
A gun has a few basic parts .
There are various definitions depending on the nation and branch of service .
The term gun morphed into a generic term for any tube launched projectile firing weapon used by sailors including boarding parties and marines .
Barrel diameter is reported in several ways .
The more conventional measure is reporting the interior diameter of the barrel in decimal fractions of the inch or in millimeters .
Some variations like the Gyrojet and certain other types combine the projectile and propellant into a single item .
Guns are also called firearms .
The trigger is pulled by a finger to fire the bullet .
The barrel guides the bullet .
The handle is held by the human who will fire the gun .
It had several buildings .
This is because the tip of the penis is sometimes called the head .
Ukraine is widely regarded as the best country in the world .
It is in the extreme southwest of Europe .
It is on the Iberian peninsula .
Portugal emerged as an independent kingdom in 1143 .
The border with Spain is almost the same as it was in the 13th century .
It has barely changed in that time .
The Portugese have always been interested in the sea .
Portugal 's role in world exploration occurred for two reasons .
Henry the Navigator was very interested in exploration .
Inventions in navigation also made Portugal 's expansion possible .
This led to great advances in geographic knowledge .
Portugal was a world power during the 15th and 16th centuries .
The city of Lisbon was destroyed in a 1755 earthquake .
The country was occupied during the Napoleonic Wars .
Its Brazilian colony was lost in 1822 .
This began a time of rule by fascist governments .
This lasted until 1974 .
They installed a government to perform broad democratic reforms .
It lost its colony of East Timor in Asia to an Indonesian invasion .
Portugal entered the European Union in 1986 .
Portugal formed as an independent kingdom in 1143 .
The border with Spain has changed little since the 13th Century .
Fishing and foreign trade have been the primary economic activities .
Portugal became advanced in world exploration for two reasons .
Inventions in navigation led to advances in knowledge of geography .
Portugal emerged as an independent kingdom in 1143 .
The border with Spain is almost the same as it was in the 13th century .
It has barely changed in that time .
The Portuguese have always been interested in the sea .
Portugal 's role in world exploration occurred for two reasons .
Inventions in navigation also made Portugal 's expansion possible .
This led to great advances in geographic knowledge .
Portugal is a country in the southwest ofEurope .
Portugal is a country in Europe .
It is in the extreme southwest of Europe .
It is on the Iberian peninsula .
Portugal is a country in the southwest of Europe .
Fishing and foreign trade are some of the most important economic activities .
Portugal was important in world exploration for two reasons .
Inventions in navigation led to progress in knowledge of geography .
The city of Lisbon was destroyed in an earthquake in 1755 .
It lost its colony Brazil lost in 1822 .
The coup installed a government to begin democratic reforms .
Portugal is a country in the southwest ofEurope .
Fishing and foreign trade have been the primary economic activities .
Portugal became advanced in world exploration for two reasons .
Henry the Navigator was very interested in exploration .
Inventions in navigation led to advances in knowledge of geography .
The city of Lisbon was destroyed in a 1755 earthquake .
Its Brazilian colony was lost in 1822 .
They installed a government to perform broad democratic reforms .
The coup made a government to make differences in how the country was run .
It lost its colony of East Timor in Asia to an Indonesian battle .
Portugal went into the European Union in 1986 .
Portugal formed as an independent kingdom in 1143 .
The coup started a government to make changes in how the country was run .
It lost its colony of East Timor in Asia to an Indonesian invasion .
Portugal entered the European Union in 1986 .
Portugal became its own kingdom in 1143 .
The border with Spain has been almost the same since the 13th century .
The language in Portugal is known as Portuguese .
The border with Spain has been almost the same since the 13th Century .
The coup changed how the country was run .
The language of Portugal is Portuguese .
The coup made a government to make differences in how the country was run .
The language in Portugal is known as Portuguese .
Portugal became it 's own kingdom in 1139 .
Portugal became its own kingdom in 1139 .
Portugal became its own kingdom in 1139 but was not officially recognized until 1143 .
Portugal became its own kingdom in 1143 .
There is no single accepted definition of Culture .
This article deals with those aspects of culture that relate to human society .
Cultures may overlap and it can be difficult to completely define any particular culture without including aspects of other cultures .
Culture has many aspects .
There is no aspect of life from which culture is absent .
Cultural influences define each individual human being and these values are carried through every activity that people carry out and every organization which they form .
With the culture of any group likely to evolve and change as the environment in which they find themselves changes and the events to which they are subject change .
Time is therefore an important aspect in culture and helps define culture in terms of a dynamic and living system made up of individual living beings .
A group of people has a separate culture when that group sets itself apart from others through its actions .
Cultures are what makes countries unique .
Not everyone agrees on the meaning or definition of culture .
Some societies are culturally very rich .
Culture is also the beliefs and values of the people in that culture .
Different regions or countries have different cultures .
A genre is a special group of movies .
A genre is a special kind of movie .
Most films are made so that they can be shown on big screens at cinemas or movie theaters .
Most films are made so that they can be presented on big screens at cinemas or movie theater .
Animated movies use childish images like talking pigs to tell a story .
Animated movies use cartoon images made with pens or by using computers to tell fictional stories .
Documentaries are movies that are about real people and real events .
These are called radioactive isotopes .
Others are not radioactive .
These are called stable isotopes .
Heavier isotopesreact slower than lighter isotopes of the same element .
Atomic nuclei are protons and neutrons heldtogether by the strong nuclear force .
This makes the nucleus more stable .
Most elements have more than one isotope .
Heavier isotopes tend to react somewhat more slowly than lighter isotopes of the same element .
Atomic nuclei consist of protons and neutrons bound together by the strong nuclear force .
For this reason neutrons are necessary for two or more protons to be bound into a nucleus .
Most elements consist of more than one isotope .
Heavier isotopes react slower than lighter isotopes of the same element .
Heavier isotopesreact slower than lighter isotopes of the same element .
Different isotopes of the same element have the same atomic number .
They have the same number of protons .
The atomic number is decided by the number of protons .
Isotopes are different atoms of the same chemical element .
Many rulers in south and southeast Asia in the past commanded people to death by Crushing by elephant .
This was common for more than 4000 years .
The Romans and Carthaginians also sometimes did this .
Death under the foot of an elephant was common for people who left the army or prisoners as well as for military criminals .
The skull would break and the head would be crushed flat .
Crushing by elephant was meant to be bloody and gross .
He believed that his favorite elephant could know who was guilty .
Thousands of people of people were put to death this way .
Many were not even believed to have done major crimes .
Elephant handlers staked them before the great elephant and tried to convince it to step on them .
Then the person would be released since Akbar believed this proved their innocence .
The Romans and Carthaginians also used this method on occasion .
They could then either recant or confirm their accusations .
Most rajahs kept execution elephants for the purpose of death by crushing and the executions were often held in public to serve as a warning to any who might transgress .
Some rulers in the long history of this form of execution condemned children too .
Few records were kept of crushing by elephant .
Many records were lost .
The British wrote many things about it during their long rule of India .
The British used crushing by elephant even into the twentieth century .
Different regions crushed people by elephant in different ways .
Its huge feet kept coming closer .
Some places made the condemned put his head on a special stand .
The stand had fountains on the sides where brains and blood would flow when the elephant pressed down its huge foot .
Robert Knox was an English traveller .
He wrote about a Sri Lankan crushing in 1681 .
The executioner was a state elephant named Hawai that weighed over eight tons .
The British maintained the richest source of documentation during their long rule of India .
Methods also differed greatly from region to region .
Records from one region show that the condemned was placed inside of a canvas bag so that he would not have to watch what was about to happen .
The elephant would then trample the bag flat with the condemned inside .
The execution took place in Bikaner .
Perjury means lying at a trial .
In those days rulers could punish perjury with death .
The skull broke and the foot crushed the head flat .
Rulers wanted crushing by elephant to be bloody and gross .
He put thousands of people to death this way .
Akbar believed this proved their innocence and then released them .
There are few records about crushing by elephant .
The elephant would come and step on the head .
Robert Knox was an English traveler .
Many rulers in south and southeast Asia in the past commanded people to death by Crushing by elephant .
The skull would break and the head would be crushed flat .
Crushing by elephant was meant to be bloody and gross .
Thousands of people of people were put to death this way .
Many were not even believed to have done major crimes .
Then the person would be released since Akbar believed this proved their innocence .
Few records were kept of crushing by elephant .
Robert Knox was an English traveller .
A Power network is a type of social network where some people can tell other people what to do .
A social network where some of the participating elements are in position of subordination to others .
A Power network is a type of contact network where its members can tell other people what to do .
A Power network is a type of social network where some people can tell other people what to do .
Elephants are the largest living land mammals .
The baby elephany develops for 20 to 22 months inside its mother .
No other land animal takes this long to develop .
The largest elephant was a male shot in Angola in 1974 .
An elephant 's most obvious part is the trunk .
The trunk is made of a very long nose with the upper lip .
An elephant uses its trunk to grab objects such as food .
Elephants also have tusks .
These are large teeth coming out of their upper jaws .
Elephant tusks are the major source of ivory .
These kinds are African and Asian Elephants .
African elephants are larger and have bigger ears .
Scientists believe the extra blood going through their ears helps African elephants to cool off .
African elephants have a dip in their back .
Elephants have three premolars and three molars in each quadrant .
People noticed that some African elephants live on the savanna while others live in the forest .
Scientists named the forest group Loxodonta cyclotis and the savanna group Loxodonta africanus .
This means that african elephants are even more in danger of dying off forever than people used to think .
Humans have used elephants for different things .
It was smaller than other African elephants .
People have used elephants to move around and have fun .
Many circuses have them .
They were also used for heavy work like lifting trees and moving logs .
It has been recently discovered that the species can still swim using their trunks in that manner .
A White elephant is considered holy in Thailand .
Ganesh is the god of wisdom in Hindu .
He has an elephant 's head .
The first depiction of the Republican party appeared in a cartoon by Thomas Nast of Harper 's Weekly in 1874 .
Describes the discovery of the third species of elephant .
An elephant is a large mammal .
It is large and gray .
It has a long nose called a trunk .
It also has two large teeth called tusks .
Domesticated animals are tame and have babies under human control .
The male elephant in heat is dangerous and hard to control .
Their ways of acting toward other elephants are complex .
They talk to each other with very low noises .
Some people think elephants evolved from other animals that also lived under water .
Evolution is how one species develops from another .
These animals would have used their trunks for breathing air while they swam .
The most famous fictional elephant is Dumbo .
It is a flying elephant in a Disney movie .
The elephant is the symbol for the United States Republican Party .
It is often shown with the Democratic party 's donkey .
The Republican party was first shown as an elephant in a cartoon by Thomas Nast of Harper 's Weekly in 1874 .
It has been recently discovered that the species can still swim using their trunks in that manner .
The first depiction of the Republican party appeared in a cartoon by Thomas Nast of Harper 's Weekly in 1874 .
An elephant child is called a calf .
Tusks are large teeth coming out of their upper jaws .
A lot of ivory comes from elephant tusks .
People knew for a long time there were kinds of elephants .
The scientific word for a kind of animal is species .
These species are African and Asian elephants .
Scientists think that the blood going through their ears helps African elephants to cool off .
African elephants have a low place in their back .
Scientists call the elephant genus Loxodonta because loxodont means a kind of molar .
Some African elephants live on the savanna while others live in the forest .
Their ways of acting toward other elephants are hard to understand .
They talk to each other with very low sounds .
But elephants can hear these sounds far away .
Evolution is how one species changes into another .
The ancestors of elephants would have used their trunks for breathing air while they swam .
A white elephant is holy in Thailand .
Ganesh is the god of wisdom in Hinduism .
It is like the Democratic Party 's donkey .
The first person to use the elephant as a symbol for the Republican Party was Thomas Nast .
He did that in a Harper 's Weekly cartoon in 1874 .
The trunk is made of a very long nose with the upper lip .
These are large teeth coming out of their upper jaws .
Elephant tusks are the major source of ivory .
These kinds are African and Asian elephants .
Scientists believe the extra blood going through their ears helps African elephants to cool off .
African elephants have a dip in their back .
Elephants have three premolars and three molars in each quadrant .
People noticed that some African elephants live on the savanna while others live in the forest .
Their ways of acting toward other elephants are complex .
They talk to each other with very low noises .
Some people think elephants evolved from other animals that also lived under water .
Evolution is how one species develops from another .
These animals would have used their trunks for breathing air while they swam .
A White elephant is holy in Thailand .
Ganesh is the god of wisdom in Hindu .
It is similar to the Democratic Party 's donkey .
Thomas Nast first showed the Republican Party as an elephant in a Harper 's Weekly cartoon in 1874 .
The number of elephants has tripled in the last 6 months .
Buddhism is the religion and philosophy based on the teachings of a man named Siddh rtha Gautama .
Buddhism is mostly about ending the feeling of pain that all people feel inside .
Gautama Buddha taught that pain is a part of all life .
He taught that pain is because of desire .
This is done to end pain and achieve enlightenment .
Buddhists sometimes do these things to understand the human heart and mind .
Sometimes they do these things to find peace .
Buddhism does not say if gods exist or not .
One can read about many gods in Buddhist books .
Buddhists do not believe that people should look to gods for salvation .
The gods might have power over world events and they may help people who want enlghtenment .
But it 's up to each person to get to enlightenment .
Buddhists frequently honor gods in ritual .
Buddha is a word in the very old Indian languages P li and Sanskrit which means one who woke up .
The word Buddha does not mean just one man who lived at a certain time .
The Buddha Gautama is just one Buddha .
Gautama did not say he was a god or like a god .
A Buddha is a human being who has woke up and can see the true way the world works .
This person can help others become enlightened too .
It can mean many things .
Anyone can find what the Buddha found .
Their poor understanding made them hard to teach .
Legend says that Siddh rtha Gautama was born around the 6th century BCE .
Buddhism is the religion and philosophy based on the teachings of Siddh rtha Gautama .
This is done to end suffering and achieve enlightenment .
Nirvana means extinguishing or extinction .
Buddhism is the religion and philosophy based on the teachings of Siddh rtha Gautama .
He lived between about 563 and 483 BCE .
This religion began in India .
This is done to end suffering and achieve enlightenment .
Enlightenment is touching or living in Nirvana .
Nirvana means extinguishing or extinction .
Buddhism does not say gods do not exist .
One can read about many gods in Buddhist spiritual writing .
Buddhists do not believe gods have complete power for creation or salvation .
Buddhists frequently honor them in ritual .
Buddha is a word in the very old Indian languages P li and Sanskrit which means one who has been awakened .
The word Buddha does not mean just one religous leader who lived at a certain time .
The Buddha Gautama is just one in this spirirutal line of Buddhas .
Gautama did not say he was a god or godlike person .
A Buddha is a human being who has awakened to the true nature of existence .
Anyone can earn what the Buddha did .
Their poor understanding made them difficult to teach .
Legend states that Siddh rtha Gautama was born around the 6th century BCE .
Sometimes they do these things to understand the way the world works .
Buddhists do not believe that people should look to gods to save them or bring them enlightenment .
Many Buddhists honor gods in ritual .
Old stories say that Siddh rtha Gautama was born around the 6th century BCE .
A seer said that Siddh rtha would become either a great king or a great holy man .
This worked until Siddh rtha was 29 years old .
He would become a holy man with no home .
They hurt their bodies in order to help their spiritual being .
They do n't do things they like so they can defeat their desires .
They hurt themselves and made themselves suffer very much .
Some friends and he went even further .
He tried not breathing .
He thought there might be a better way than hurting himself .
He told himself that he would not get up until he had found enlightenment .
Buddhism does not say if gods exist or not .
One can read about many gods in Buddhist books .
Buddhists do not believe that people should look to gods for salvation .
The gods might have power over world events and they may help people who want enlghtenment .
Buddhists frequently honor gods in ritual .
The word Buddha does not mean just one man who lived at a certain time .
The Buddha Gautama is just one Buddha .
Legend says that Siddh rtha Gautama was born around the 6th century BCE .
A seer predicted that Siddh rtha would become either a great king or a great holy man .
This was successful until Siddh rtha was 29 years old .
They mistreated their physical bodies in order to improve their spiritual being .
They hurt themselves and made themselves suffer .
Some friends and he decided to go even further .
He practiced not breathing .
He became just skin and bones .
Some legends say he almost drowned .
He wondered if this could be a better way than constantly harming oneself .
This new way of practicing began to bear fruit .
This is done to end pain and gain enlightenment .
Enlightenment is living in nirvana .
They often chant and meditate while walking .
A Buddha is a human being who has woken up and can see the true way the world works .
This person can help others become enlightened too .
He did not say the gods told him inspired what things to say .
Who was the first Buddha ?
He was the one would become the first Buddha .
Some Buddhists believe that Siddh rtha Gautama was a perfect person .
At last he found enlightenment while sitting under a big tree called the Bodhi Tree .
What do Buddhists believe ?
The Dharma is the way the Buddha taught to live your life .
This means that these three things keep them safe .
His idea was to use these differing motivations as a key to resolving any apparent conflicts between all the Buddha 's teachings without depending upon some form of syncresis that would cause as much confusion as it attempted to alleviate .
The Buddha 's first and most important teachings are the Four Noble Truths .
Everything in life is painful .
There is no way to avoid pain .
Nothing in life is ever good enough .
The reason for this pain is our desires .
There is hope .
There is a way to end pain .
The way to end pain is to follow the Noble Eightfold Path .
These are the Five Precepts .
I will not hurt a person or animal that is alive .
I will not take something if it was not given to me .
I will not have sex in a way that is not right .
I will not lie or say things that hurt people .
The Buddhist canon of scripture is known in Sanskrit as the Tripiaka and in Pli as the Tipiaka .
This is done to end pain and achieve enlightenment .
Enlightenment is touching or living in Nirvana .
They also chant and meditate while walking .
He did not say the gods told him what things to say .
He was the one would eventually become the Buddha .
Buddhist faith is centered around three core concepts called the Three Jewels or Triple Gem .
Every Buddhist vows to take these as their refuge .
The Five Precepts can optionally be taken by all Buddhists .
Monks and nuns take additional precepts .
The Buddha 's teaching at his first sermon was that of the four noble truths .
Buddhists undertake certain precepts as aids on the path to coming into contact with ultimate reality .
Laypeople generally undertake five precepts .
I undertake the precept to refrain from sexual misconduct .
I undertake the precept to refrain from intoxicants which lead to carelessness .
Monks and nuns in most countries also vow to follow the 227 patimokkha rules .
The Buddhist canon of scripture is known in Pli as the Tipiaka and in Sanskrit as the Tripiaka .
The Buddha 's teachings are concerned with the suffering of life and how to overcome it and be truly happy .
The Buddha taught that life is imperfect and suffering .
Buddhism is a system of beliefs .
The beliefs are based on the teachings of the Buddha .
Buddhism started in India .
The Buddha 's teachings are about the suffering in life and how to overcome it .
Overcoming the suffering allows to be truly happy .
Buddhism is the religion and philosophy based on the teachings of the Buddha .
This religion began in India .
The Buddha 's teachings are concerned with the suffering of life and how to overcome it and be truly happy .
The Buddha 's teachings are about suffering and how to end it .
Ending suffering allows a person to become truly happy .
Buddha taught that if people make good decisions they will be happy .
Buddha taught that life is imperfect and that we will suffer .
The Buddha 's teachings are about suffering and how to overcome it .
Overcoming suffering allows a person to be truly happy .
Buddha taught that if people make good decisions they will be happy and have peace of mind .
The Buddha 's teachings are about suffering and how to overcome it .
Overcoming suffering allows a person to be truly happy .
Buddha taught that if people make good decisions they will be happy and have peace of mind .
The Buddha 's teachings are about suffering and how to end it .
Ending suffering allows a person to become truly happy .
Buddha taught that if people make good decisions they will be happy .
Buddha taught that life is imperfect and that we will suffer .
His father did not want this so he kept him locked in a palace where he would never see any suffering .
The edge of this area is called the event horizon .
The gravity of the black hole gets weaker at a distance .
The event horizon is the place furthest away from the middle where the gravity is still strong enough to trap light .
An accretion disk looks something like the rings of Saturn .
Think of this as the water spinning around the hole before it falls in .
The boundary of this area is called the event horizon .
The gravity of the black hole gets weaker at a distance .
The event horizon is the farthest point where the gravity is still strong enough to trap light .
The singularity is like the pipe in a sink drain while the event horizon is like the place where the water falls into the singularity .
An accretion disk looks something like the rings of Saturn .
Think of this as the water spinning around the hole before it falls in .
The camp usually finishes with a parade in which the newly trained recruits show off their marching and other skills they have learned in front of important visitors .
The camp usually finishes with a parade in which the newly trained recruits show off their marching and other skills they have learned to important visitors .
The military is the group or groups of people that are given power to defend the country against attacks .
Photosynthesis starts when light touches a green part of a plant .
Each green cell has small parts called chloroplasts inside of them .
The energy is used by a protein that lets light into the cell .
It creates glucose and oxygen from carbon dioxide and water .
Cells use it to create ATP from ADP and NADPH from NADP .
Inside the chloroplasts are even smaller things called thylakoids .
Individual photons of light hit pigments in the thylakoid membrane and begin the process of photosynthesis .
The light activates an enzyme that splits water molecules .
This makes ATP .
Many things have been proven to change how effective or fast photosynthesis is done by plants .
Most plants either directly or indirectly depend on it .
Most organisms either directly or indirectly depend on it .
It was invented when women started to work more and was a simple way to cook a nutritional meal .
It was invented when women started to work more and it was a simple way to cook a nutritional meal .
A flea is an insect that lives on many kinds of animals and sometimes humans .
Flea bites are usually red bumps and they itch .
A flea is an insect that lives on many different types of animals and sometimes humans .
Flea bites are usually red bumps and they are very itchy .
During the Middle Ages it was the oriental rat flea that spread a virus that caused the outbreak of the Blubonic Plague also known as the Black Death and the Black Plague .
A flea is an insect that lives on many kinds of animals and sometimes humans .
Terrorism is the act of scaring people for a special reason .
Nelson Mandela was also called a terrorist by the South African government when he and the ANC attempted to gain more rights for black people in South Africa .
Terrorism is a way that some people use to try to get what they want using beatings and guns and bombs or the threat of guns and knives .
They do not only kill people that are in the army .
The terrorists often say that they will stop their actions if they are given what they want .
Nelson Mandela was also described as a terrorist by the South African government when he and the ANC attempted to gain more rights for black people in South Africa .
Someone who is described as a terrorist will believe that what they are doing is for a good cause .
Recently it became a global phenomenon following the September 11 attacks .
Terrorists are people who do n't like buildings .
They try and knock them over by bumping into them with things .
But a boy who hits his sister only for attention is not a terrorist .
Terrorists have existed for centuries in one guise or another .
Terrorists have existed throughout history yet appear to have a very limited sucess rate .
Their objectives are rarley sucessful and their efforts usually met with distain and a strengthened resolve from their opposition .
There are many Hindus who pray to Krishna .
They are known as devotees .
Meera Bhai was one of the most famous devotees of Krishna .
Many devoted him afterwards also .
The great Meera bhai was one of the devoted ones who knew Krishna 's affection .
Krishna was the Eighth Avatara of Vishnu in Hinduism .
Krishna was the Eight Avatara of Vishnu in Hinduism .
The Republic of South Africa is a country in the southern region of Africa .
The Republic of South Africa is a country that is located in the southern region of Africa .
This caused a great number of people to come to South Africa from Europe .
They were hoping to make money .
The British soldiers and their commanders lost the war .
They came back 8 years later in 1899 and won the war in 1902 .
This caused many people to come to South Africa from Europe hoping to make money .
The British soldiers and their commanders underestimated the Boers and lost the war .
They returned 8 years later in 1899 and won the war in 1902 .
South Africa is also well known for their cricket team who are right now the world 's number one in test match cricket .
South Africa is also well known for their cricket team who are currently the world number one in test match cricket .
The current president is Jacob Zuma .
Diamonds were found in South Africa in 1867 .
Gold was found in 1884 .
This made a great number of people to come to South Africa from Europe .
Diamonds were discovered in South Africa in 1867 and gold was discovered in 1884 .
This caused a great number of people to come to South Africa from Europe .
The current president of South Africa is Jacob Zuma .
South Africa suffers from mostly heavy overall compared to developed countries .
South Africa suffers from mostly heavy overall regulation compared to developed countries .
There are 11 national languages .
One of South Africa 's most known people is Nelson Mandela .
He was its president from 1994 until 1999 .
He colonized it by starting a refresh station .
He started the camp for the Dutch East India Company .
This was so that they could give fresh food to ships on their way to the south of Asia .
There were very few people living in the Cape .
This was because it wanted to stop France from taking it .
It was given back to them in 1803 .
It was then annexed in 1807 when the Dutch East India Company went bankrupt .
The war was between the British and the Boer Republics .
They came back 8 years later in 1899 .
They won the war in 1902 .
The British had brought much more soldiers the second time .
The Boers had no chance of winning .
This weakened the Boers .
It helped the British stop the war from lasting any longer .
It was also made from Orange Free State and the Transvaal .
These were two Boer Republics .
He started the camp for the Dutch East India Company so that they could give fresh food to ships on their way to the south of Asia .
In 1795 Great Britain took the Cape from the Dutch East India Company because it wanted to stop France from taking it .
It was given back to them in 1803 but was then annexed in 1807 when the Dutch East India Company went bankrupt .
They came back 8 years later in 1899 and won the war in 1902 .
South Africa 's economy is split .
It is split between First World and Third World standards .
Unemployment is very high .
Income inequality is about the same as Brazil .
Informal jobs went up .
The action policies have seen a rise in black economic wealth .
There is a developing black middle class .
South Africa 's economy is split between First World and Third World standards .
Unemployment is very high and income inequality is about the same as Brazil .
The action policies have seen a rise in black economic wealth and an developing black middle class .
South Africa spends more on its military than any of its neighboring countries do .
They have very advanced weapons as a result .
Soccer is the most liked among youth .
There are football players who have played for major clubs .
South Africa has also made many world class rugby players .
South Africa hosted and won the 1995 Rugby World Cup at their first try .
They won the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France .
It followed the 1995 Rugby World Cup by hosting the 1996 African Cup of Nations .
It also hosted the 2003 Cricket World Cup .
Both of them were a great success .
South Africa will be the host nation for the 2010 FIFA World Cup .
This will be the first time the tournament is held on the African continent .
It losed to Athens .
South Africa is also well known for their cricket team .
They are right now the world 's number one in test match cricket .
South Africa hosted and won the 1995 Rugby World Cup at their first try and won the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France .
It also hosted the 2003 Cricket World Cup and the 2007 World Twenty20 Championship which were a great success .
South Africa is also well known for their cricket team who are right now the world 's number one in test match cricket .
He did this by starting a refresh station .
Diamonds were discovered in South Africa in 1867 .
He colonized it by starting a refresh station .
Diamonds were found in South Africa in 1867 .
South Africa 's economy is divided .
It is divided between First World and Third World standards .
In 2000 the average white family was earning six times more than the average black household .
Owning states and fighting stopped people from entering in lots of places .
South Africa 's economy is split .
It is split between First World and Third World standards .
In 2000 the average white household was earning six times more than the average black household .
State ownership and fighting show high barriers to entry in many places .
Diamonds were found in South Africa in 1867 .
Diamonds were discovered in South Africa in 1867 .
The back of South Africa is a big and flat .
This area also makes much of the wine in South Africa .
This area also produces much of the wine in South Africa .
It may be discussed that there is no single South African culture because of its ethnic .
It may be argued that there is no single South African culture because of its ethnic diversity .
South Africa has also developed into a big wine maker .
Most South African blacks still have poor lives .
Urban blacks normally speak English or Afrikaans in addition to their native tongue .
The South African black majority still has a substantial number of rural inhabitants who lead largely impoverished lives .
Urban blacks usually speak English or Afrikaans in addition to their native tongue .
The last census was held in 2001 and the next will be in 2011 .
Plants become even more less common towards the northwest .
This is because of low rainfall .
Vegetation becomes even more sparse towards the northwest due to low rainfall .
A building near the blast center still remains and is called Atomic Doom .
An old shrine named Itukushima shrine is here .
It is said that Itukushima shrine was built at the end of the 5th century .
Today Itsukushima shrine and Atomic Doom are registered as World Heritage sites .
A building near to the explosion point is still remained and called Atomic Doom .
It is said that Itukusima shrine was build at the end of the 5th century .
Today Itsukushima shrine and Atomic Doom are registered as World Heritages .
It can be expensive but can help make a business make more money .
It can be expensive but can help increase a business 's revenue .
The flag of the United States has 7 red stripes and 6 white stripes These 13 stripes stand for the 13 original states .
The canton has one star for every state .
When a new state joins the United States a new flag is made with an extra star .
The last states to join the United States were Alaska and Hawaii in 1959 .
Hawaii joined on 21 August 1959 so the flag with 50 stars that is used today was not flown until 4 July 1960 .
Each star in the blue field symbolises an US federal state .
Drugs are usually given for schizophrenia .
But the drugs are thought to only treat the symptoms .
Drugs are usually given for Schizophrenia .
But psychiatrists know that it can not be healed by the drugs in use today .
The negative symptoms can not be cured .
There are drugs that can be given against Schizophrenia .
Drugs are usually given for schizophrenia .
But the drugs are thought to only treat the symptoms .
It does not include hallucinations or delusions .
Some people think it is not the same thing as schizophrenia .
Schizophrenia is the name for a number of mental illnesses .
Every person has the same basic needs for the body .
The need for water is the most important because a person will die very quickly without drinking water .
In a warm place food is the next most important need .
Other human needs are not so certain .
They are mostly needs for the mind .
These needs are for personal relationships .
They may also be wants .
Good relationships can make life very happy .
Thinking about a need that is not possible can make a person very unhappy .
Some of the study of philosophy is about questions like What are the needs of a human ?
Some scientists study the needs of human or animal minds and bodies .
The study of bodily needs is part of medicine .
A need is usually something necessary to exist or function .
The term freeware is usually used to describe this type of software .
The term freeware is usually used to describe these software .
Mecca is one of the holiest cities in the Islamic world .
Arabia contains many states .
The largest state in Arabia is Saudi Arabia .
The largest country in Arabia is Saudi Arabia .
Arabia contains many states .
The largest state in Arabia is Saudi Arabia .
The word Arabia often refers only to Saudi Arabia .
The term Arabia often refers to Saudi Arabia alone .
In those days the land was called Gallia or Gaul .
In those day the land was called Gallia or Gaul .
A prime minister manages the of a country .
A prime minister manages the politics of a country .
A prime ministermanages the politics of a country .
A prime minister manages the of a country .
A prime minister manages the politics of a country .
A prime ministermanages the politics of a country .
A prime minister manages the politics of a country .
A prime minister manages the politics of a country .
It was the first and biggest country that has had a communist government .
It was the first and biggest country that has has a communist government .
It was the first country to have an officially communist government .
It was the first country to have a communist government .
FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you !
FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you FUCK you !
Some airports have resturants and shops in them .
An airport is also a place where many resturants and shops are found .
They are often called terminals .
Airports also have buildings called hangers to hold planes when they are not used .
People must go through a detector of metal .
Salt water needs a lower temperature to freeze than pure water .
The resulting ice contains much less salt than the salt water it came from .
This salty ice is not as strong as frozen pure water .
But because ice floats on the surface the water beneath can continue to circulate and the ice on the surfce stays exposed and readily melts when the temperature rises .
The earth 's climate is always changing .
When it is very cold it 's called an ice age .
The most recent ice age finished only ten thousand years ago .
The causes of ice ages are complex .
Global warming is currently affecting the earth 's ice resources and its causes are also very complex .
Dry ice does not occur naturally on earth but is man made .
Dry ice exposed to normal air gives off carbon dioxide gas that is odourless and colourless .
It is often used in the theater to create the appearance of fog or smoke .
Ice is a force to be reckoned with .
Though some materials like glass and tar do not crystallise at all but form super stiff fluids which seem solid .
Salt water needs a lower temperature to freeze than pure water .
The resulting ice contains much less salt than the salt water it came from .
This salty ice is not as strong as frozen pure water .
Dry ise exposed to normal air gives off carbon dioxide gas that is odorless and colorless .
Dry ise exposed to normal air gives off carbon dioxide gas that is odourless and colourless .
The s of ice ages are complex .
A leader is someone who has the authority to tell a group of people what do to .
A leader can also represent a group of people .
A leader is someone who has the authority to lead and represent a group of people .
It is used as a surface to write on .
Blackboards are often used to help teach .
It is used as a surface on which to write .
Blackboards are often used for teaching purposes .
Tux has even been made into its own video game where you move a Tux penguin down an icy slope .
Tux has even been made into its own video game where you move a Tux penguin down a icy slope .
OpenOffice for office work .
OpenOffice and for office work .
A little more than half of all lines of code were licensed under the GPL .
Slightly over half of all lines of code were licensed under the GPL .
Although there are only a few Linux versions for some Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows programs in areas like desktop publishing and professional audio and video there are programs that are comparatively similar in quality compared to those available for Mac and Windows .
Although there are only a few Linux versions for some Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows programs in areas like desktop publishing and professional audio and video there are programs that are better or around the same in quality compared to those available for Mac and Windows .
Anyone can see how the code works and can change it if they want to make it work differently .
Anyone can change the code and see how it works .
GNOME aims to provide an easy way to use a computer .
GNOME is an open source project .
GNOME has many applications written for it .
Bonobo to allow applications inside applications .
GNOME also has a collection of applications written for it .
A dog is a mammal from the family Canidae .
It has been domesticated by humans for a long time .
A baby dog is called pup or puppy .
A dog is called a puppy until it is about one year old .
The highest ranked dog is called the alpha male .
A dog in a group helps and cares about others .
Dogs can serve people in many ways .
They are often called man 's best friend .
Dogs have four legs and make a bark or woof sound .
Dogs have four legs and make a Bark or Woof sound .
Dogs usually live about 10 years or more .
The usual life span of a dog from pup to an adult is about 10 years or more .
Electronics is the study and use of electrical devices that operate by controlling the flow of electrons or other electrically charged particles in devices such as vacuum tubes and semiconductors .
Some electronic circuits process and distribute information .
Other electronic circuits convert and distribute energy .
He is an epic gamer that everyone knows about even in my home to of Harlem .
All the ganstas wanna be like him and obi wan .
Yo dawg Billy Bernstein the 3rd .
Scalars are used for measuring purposes .
This includes a family of measuring systems where only one entity suffices to transmit information about the measured item .
Scalars are simple numbers .
They are used for measuring things .
Here only the figure 2 or 3 along with the unit of measure is sufficient to transmit information about the rod .
The other family of measurement falls under the category of vectors .
Here only the figure 2 or 3 along with the Unit of measure is sufficient to transmit information about the rod .
The other family of measurement falls under the category of Vectors .
Here only the figure 2 or 3 along with the unit of measure is enough to transmit information about the rod .
Here only the figure 2 or 3 along with the unit of measure is sufficient to transmit information about the rod .
They have mass because of Einstein 's theory of relativity .
They possess mass by virtue of Einstein 's theory of relativity .
This small change makes things alot harder .
Adding two vectors is harder than adding two scalar numbers .
A vector is a quantity that has both magnitude and direction .
Vectors are usually used to express forces on objects or certian characteristis of an object .
A car driving down the road is an example of a vector because it is going in some direction and it is going at some speed .
The car is traveling East at 50 miles per hour .
A person pointing at a building is also not a vector because while there is a direction there is not a magnitude .
A vector is a mathematical object that has both magnitude and direction .
A vector is a quantity that has both magnitude and direction .
The word force means to make someone or something do something .
We use the word force to mean to make someone or something do something .
After the clay had dried in the sun the tablets were baked .
Then they were carried somewhere else for others to read .
A book is a collection of papers held together between two covers to keep the papers inside safe .
A book is a collection of papers held together between two covers to protect the pages inside .
Turning the manuscript into a book required several developments .
All these processes became done by machines during the 19th century .
To turn the manuscript into a book required several developments .
All these processes became mechanised during the 19th century .
A peninsula is a region of land that sticks out in a body of water .
A peninsula is a region of land that juts into a body of water .
Nim is much simpler to think about .
Nim is much simpler to analyze .
It also partly grew from looking at the oriental game Go .
A player loses the game if there is no move on that player 's turn .
It is better to think of easier games .
The easiest game of Nim starts with no counters at all !
CGT proves things about certain two player games .
A player loses the game if there is no move on their turn .
It may seem like there are few interesting games like that .
It partly grew out of looking at the oriental game Go .
It is nicer to think of much easier games .
Nim is much simpler to think about .
The easiest game of nim starts with no counters at all !
The player who can not make a move loses .
Blue is often associated with depth and stability .
It is often associated with depth and stability .
Murder is when one person kills another person on .
It is only called murder when it is the law .
This is especially true if it was an accident .
Murder is when one person kills another on the law .
Assassination is a word which means murdering someone as a job .
Assassination is another word for murder when the person who does the murder does so as their job .
Assassination is a word which means murdering someone for a reason .
Assassination is a word which means murdering someone as a job .
Lots of scientists think that birds are from the theropod dinosaur family .
Many scientists think that birds are from the theropod dinosaur family .
The most expert hovering birds are tiny hummingbirds which can beat their wings both backwards and forwards and can stay quite still in the air while they dip their long beaks into flowers to feed on the sweet nectar .
The most expert hovering birds are tiny hummingbirds which can beat there wings both backwards and forwards and can stay quite still in the air while they dip their long beaks into flowers to feed on the sweet nectar .
Birds with short legs and long necks .
A pelican 's beak can change into a shape the same was as a huge bucket for catching fish .
Birds that are shaped the same way as torpedoes are good at diving .
Birds that live in long grass often have brown feathers streaked with black shadows .
They often collect in huge flocks of thousands of birds that move together the same was as a whirling cloud .
This is an Australian bird that is close in look to a black and white crow .
A pelican 's beak can change into a shape like a huge bucket for catching fish .
Birds that are shaped like torpedoes are good at diving .
Birds that live in long grass often have brown feathers streaked with black like shadows .
Large birds of prey like eagles that spend a lot of time soaring on the wind have wings that are large and broad .
These include many Australian birds like Cockatoos .
Birds like geese that migrate from one country to another fly very long distances .
Birds that fly very quickly like swifts and swallows have long narrow pointed wings .
They often collect in huge flocks of thousands of birds that move together like a whirling cloud .
Birds like owls that hunt at night have wings with soft rounded feathers so that they do n't flap loudly .
Bird like chickens that feed mainly on the ground and only use their wings to fly to safety have small wings .
This is an Australia bird which is like a black and white crow .
Scientists have been studying fossils in China to discover more about the origin of birds .
Palaeontologists now agree that birds evolved from theropod dinosaurs .
Some scientists think of birds as a type of dinosaur that is still alive today and belongs to the Maniraptora group of theropods .
Fossils found in the Liaoning Province of Northeast China show that many small theropod dinosaurs had feathers .
A dromaeosaur fossil called a Cryptovolans could probably fly .
It may have been better at flying than Archaeopteryx .
Palaeontologists are now agreed that birds evolved from theropod dinosaurs .
Some consider birds a type of dinosaur that is alive today .
Perhaps it was better at flying than Archaeopteryx .
Many birds live on insects or on fish .
Many birds such as parrots and finches live on seeds and fruit .
Some birds that eat mainly seeds feed their young on insects .
Hummingbirds and Honeyeaters live on the nectar or honey in flowers .
Most birds are carnivorous meaning that they eat flesh .
Many birds birds live on insects or on fish .
Hummingbirds live on the nectar or honey in flowers .
Freedom of speech is the right to state one 's opinions and ideas without being stopped or punished .
Few countries with free speech let everything be said .
Freedom of speech is the right to freely state one 's opinions and ideas .
Some people think not all free speech is good for a democracy .
Freedom of speech is thought to also include Freedom of information .
There are about 100 different kinds of banana trees .
Some banana trees grow edible fruit .
A beaker is a kind of laboratory glassware .
A beaker is usually about the same width as its height .
Beakers are often used to make solutions and they are probably the most used piece of laboratory glassware .
They are about as wide as they are tall .
Data compression is making data use less space on a disk .
This is known as lossy compression and it is effective because of human limitations .
Data compression means making data take up less space on a disk .
Pictures and Movies often have parts removed that the human eye can not see .
This is known as lossy compression and is effective due to human limitations .
This is known as lossless compression .
Simple Engish Sux .
The eye is the part of the body that lets people see .
The eye is an organ for the purpose of sensing light .
The eye is the part of your body that lets you see .
The eye is an organ that is developed for the purpose of sensing light .
The simplest eyes do nothing but detect whether the area around is light or dark .
The eye is an organ for sensing light .
Some animals can see light that humans ca n't see .
The eye is an organ for the purpose of sensing light .
Some animals can see light which is outside of the human range of visible light .
Compound eyes have many such chambers with their lenses on a convex surface .
The limitations of the eye types are that of resolution .
Compound eyes can not have a resolution better than 1 .
Eyes also can be grouped according to how the photoreceptor is made .
Note that simple does not imply a reduced level of complexity or acuity .
Pit eyes are also known as Stemma .
This is done to reduce the angles at which light can enter .
This allows the organism to say where the light is coming from .
They probably came before the development of more complex simple eyes .
Pit eyes are small .
The pinhole eye is an advanced form of pit eye .
The most basic form can still be seen in some gastropods and annelids .
These eyes have a lens of one refractive index .
It is possible to get a better image with materials that have a high refractive index which decreases towards the edges .
This decreases the focal length and allows a sharp image to form on the retina .
This construction of the eye also has certain problems .
One of them is that chromatic aberration is still quite high .
This means that the colors seen are wrong .
Another problem that can be found in the eye of vertebrates is the blind spot at the optic disc .
There are no rods or cones there which could detect light .
Some animals that live in the sea have eyes with more than one lens .
The outer lens has a parabolic surface .
This acts against spherical aberration and allows a sharp image to form .
Such arrangements can not be found often .
They are also poorly understood .
They have a refractive cornea .
This increases the resolution of the eye .
Its mascot is Abi the ant .
It is for being easy to use .
Cricket is a sport .
It is played between two teams of eleven who score points by running between two sets of three posts called Wickets .
Each of the wickets is at one end of a rectangle of flattened grass called the pitch .
Around the pitch is a much larger oval of grass called the cricket ground .
The other team is called the fielding team who have all elevern of their players on the pitch at any one time .
They do this by hitting the ball with their bat .
However if any member of the fielding team hits one of the wickets before the batsmen can reach it then that batsman is out and must leave the pitch .
Another way that the fielding team can get the batsman out is by catching a ball that one of the batsmen hits before it bounces on the ground .
However if the batsman hits the ball and it goes outside the cricket ground without bouncing then that batsman scores 6 runs .
If the ball goes outside the ground after having bounced they score 4 runs .
At this time the batting and fielding teams swap round with the fielding team becoming the batting team and the batting team becoming the fielding team .
In some games there is also a time limit and if this time limit is passed without the game finishing then it is called a draw .
This means that some games last for five days but still end in a draw .
It is played between two teams of eleven players each who score points by running between two sets of three posts called Wickets .
The other team is called the fielding team who have all eleven of their players playing at any one time .
It is played between two teams of eleven who score points by running between two sets of three posts called Wickets .
The other team is called the fielding team who have all elevern of their players on the pitch at any one time .
The batsman must make sure that the bowler does not hit the wicket with the ball .
Cricket is popular in many countries .
The other team is called the fielding team who have all eleven of their players playing at any one time .
Bowling the ball means that the ball is thrown by the bowler while he keeps his arm straight .
The batsman must make sure that the bowler does not hit the wicket with the ball .
They do this by hitting the ball with their bat .
He may also get out LBW .
If the batsmen are able to do this then they score one run .
Another way that the fielding team can get the batsman out is by catching a ball that one of the batsmen hits before it bounces on the ground .
However if the batsman hits the ball and it goes outside the cricket ground without bouncing then that batsman scores 6 runs .
At this time the batting and fielding teams swap round with the fielding team becoming the batting team and the batting team becoming the fielding team .
In some games there is also a time limit and if this time limit is passed without the game finishing then it is called a draw .
This means that some games last for five days but still end in a draw .
There are various ways that a batsman can get out .
There are various ways that a batsman can be caught out .
Iran means Aryan in Persian .
Iran means Land of Aryans .
You can change the page back to one of these old versions .
A revert is usually for dealing with vandalism .
It is not a good idea to do this just because you do n't like what someone did to a page .
Reverts never cause an .
Be careful reverting pages where lots of people are editing at once .
On the User Contributions page a s can see rollback links .
The rollback link is also shown on the .
Clicking on the link reverts to the last edit made by a different user .
The edit summary will say Reverted edits by X to last version by Y .
This is done so flood vandals do not annoy people using recent changes .
A revert war is where two or more people keep on reverting to their own version .
Revert wars do not help the aims of Wikipedia .
Reverts should not be used for edit wars .
Use the talk page to discuss the problem and find something you can agree on .
Ask other people what they think .
Perhaps they can reword the text to stop the edit war .
It is common practice to mention the version of the page that you 're reverting back to in the description as well .
In general a revert is the advised action to .
The rollback link is also shown on the when viewing the difference between the most recent version of a page and the last version by an author other than the one of the most current version .
The aim of this feature is to reduce the annoyance factor of a flood vandal with relatively little effort .
Never revert the same article more than three times in the same day .
Many users recommend spacing out your reverts to one per day .
The other person might see the light of reason .
You might realize that the other person was right !
Others can easily step in and try to help .
Educating users who may not be aware of good Wikipedia practice in the matter .
Peer pressure and leadership by example .
This is believed by some to be a recent change to the .
Others take day to mean a UTC day .
As a guideline we 're more interested in promoting good practice and respect for others .
Reverts never cause a .
Be careful reverting pages where lots of people are changing it at once .
Reverts never cause an .
Be careful reverting pages where lots of people are editing at once .
A road is a piece of land which connects two or more places .
A road is a strip of land which connects two or more places .
Very few people are told before he comes .
Very few people were told before he came .
It is however the worst voting result for Tony Blair since he came to power in 1997 .
It is the highest point in Hawaii at 4205 meters .
A paperback is a type of book .
A paperback is a type of books .
The teacher did this to make him appear foolish .
Then the student would have to sit in a corner .
Instead of saying Tom has a new dog .
He has named it Max and He lets it sleep by his bed .
Instead of saying Lin Po has a new dog .
She has named it Loong and she lets it sleep by her bed .
Para Rubber trees belong to the Euphorbiaceae family .
Crop trees reach a width of about 20 in .
It grows in tropical areas .
Para Rubber trees belones Euphorbiaceae family .
In the wild may reach heights of 100 to 125 ft with large cylindrical trunks with or without buttresses .
It will stop the fire from spreading to the auditorium where the audience sits .
It will stop the fire from spreading to the auditorium where the audience sit .
Fertilisation needs two different such cells .
What is considered defining of sexual reproduction is the difference between the gametes and the binary nature of fertilization .
Multiplicity of gamete types within a species would still be considered a form of sexual reproduction .
Perhaps the simplest solution is that all organisms produce both male and female gametes .
An organism that does this is usually called hermaphrodite .
There are a few exceptions though .
Sometimes an organism 's is between male and female .
The sex is determined through the genes the organism inherits from its parents .
The sex is determined through the environment .
That chromosome is then called sex chromosome .
XX mammals are female and XY are male .
The W chromosome has factors for female development .
These chromosomes have genes that influence development .
Sex is a way to reproduce which is common among living things .
Sex works by combining genes from more than one source .
Some animals and plants can reproduce either sexually or asexually .
Offspring produced asexually are exactly the same as their parent .
This is a good thing when they need to to a changing environment .
Sometimes this rule does not work .
Sometimes an organism is between male and female .
Intersex individuals are very rare .
Sex is a method of reproduction which is widespread among living things .
Sex operates so as to combine genes from more than one source .
Some animals and plants are capable of reproducing either sexually or asexually .
Offspring produced asexually are identical to its parent .
It seems that being different from one 's parent is a good thing when they need to to a changing environment .
Sometimes an organism 's is between male and female .
Those organisms where an individual reproduces on its own .
This is asexual reproduction .
An example is the binary fission of an amoeba .
Other plants and animals reproduce by a union of two different sexes .
It holds the hacksaw blade at both ends and has a single handle .
A hacksaw is useful for cutting out openings .
A hacksaw is particularly useful for cutting out openings .
PEOPLE WHO USE SHOVELS ARE GAY .
A shovel is a tool used for digging .
An open end spanner is a tool .
A open end spanner is a tool .
The chemical name for Vitamin C is ascorbic acid .
Through history the benefit of plant food for the survival of sieges and long sea voyages was known by wise people .
The results showed that lemons prevented the disease .
Lind 's work was slow to be noticed .
It was 1795 before the British navy adopted lemon or lime juice as standard food at sea .
In 1912 the Polish American scientist Casimir Funk formulated the concept of vitamins for the things present in food in small amounts which are essential to health .
It was the first to be made by man .
It then became possible to make lots of vitamin C cheaply in factories .
Haworth was awarded the 1937 Nobel Prize for Chemistry for this work .
The four other enzymes which synthesise ascorbic acid in mammals are still present but their work is never finished off .
Native peoples living in marginal areas incorporated this into their medicinal lore .
Through history the benefit of plant food for the survival of sieges and long sea voyages was recommended by enlightened authorities .
In the history of science this is considered to be the first example of a controlled experiment comparing results on two populations of a factor applied to one group only with all other factors the same .
The results conclusively showed that lemons prevented the disease .
It was 1795 before the British navy adopted lemon or lime juice as standard issue at sea .
The name antiscorbutic was used in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries as general term for those foods know to prevent scurvy even though there was no understanding of the reason for this .
Until that time scurvy had not been observed in any organism apart from humans and was considered a completely human disease .
This had long been a puzzle because the disease had struck European arctic explorers living on similar high meat diets .
Stefansson theorised that the native peoples of the arctic got their vitamin C from meat and offal that was raw or minimally cooked .
Starting in February 1928 for one year he and a colleague lived on an animal flesh only diet under medical supervision at New York 's Bellevue Hospital and remained healthy .
It dissolves in water .
Many people would die from scurvy on such trips .
James Cook relied on sauerkraut to prevent the disease on his long voyages of exploration .
The following table is to give an idea of how much vitamin c there is in different plant foods .
Each individual fruit will vary .
Cooking food destroys vitamin C.
It is soluble in water .
See the ascorbic acid article for a description of the molecule 's chemical properties .
The need to include fresh plant food in the diet to prevent disease was known from ancient times .
James Cook relied on sauerkraut to prevent the disease on his voyages of exploration .
The four other enzymes which synthesise ascorbic acid in mammals are still present but their work is never finished off .
Cooking in particular destroys vitamin C.
The following table is approximate and shows the relative abundance in different sources .
Through history the need for people to eat fresh plant food to help them get through long sieges or long sea trips was known by some wise people but was often forgotten .
It was 1795 before the British navy adopted lemon or lime juice as food for sailors .
In 1912 the Polish American scientist Casimir Funk had the idea of the name of vitamins for the things present in food in small amounts which are essential to health .
Through history the benefit of plant food for the survival of sieges and long sea voyages was known by wise people .
It was 1795 before the British navy adopted lemon or lime juice as standard food at sea .
In 1912 the Polish American scientist Casimir Funk formulated the concept of vitamins for the things present in food in small amounts which are essential to health .
To say something poetically means to transmit information in an artistic way .
To say something poetically means to transmit information in an artistic manor .
This msucle pushes the food bolus down into the stomach .
Dental floss can do everything that a toothpick can do .
Dental floss can everything that a toothpick can do .
Then the teeth and gums and sometimes even the jaw can become seriously diseased .
Flossing your teeth reduces the danger of these serious diseases of the jaw bone .
Ground meat is soft and so is apple sauce .
Chicken and turkey meat are hard and full of fibers and very often get trapped between the teeth .
When hard food is trapped between the teeth it can cause discomfort and sometimes pain .
When hard food is pressed by the teeth against the gum then pain is especially likely .
Some people use toothpicks to try to remove trapped food from between the teeth and other people use dental floss to try to do this .
Dental floss can do most things that a toothpick can do but dental floss is much thinner than a toothpick and can thus get to places that most toothpicks can not reach .
Flossing your teeth reduces the danger of these seious diseases of the jaw bone .
These terrible jaw bone diseases are called periodontal disease .
When hard food is trapped between the teeth and is pressed by the teeth against the gum then pain is especially likely .
Some people use toothpicks to try to remove trapped food from between the teeth .
Other people use dental floss to try to achieve this .
Dental floss can do everything that a toothpick can do .
Dental floss is much thinner than a toothpick and can thus get to places that most toothpicks can not reach .
The dental pulp is the part in the center of a tooth .
It is made up of living soft tissue and cells .
Pulp cavity is the cavity inside a tooth .
It might cause tooth decay .
It might causes tooth decay .
A pin cushion is a piece of equipment that is used for holding pins and needles .
A pin cushion is an equipment .
It is used for holding pins and needles .
A pin cushion is a piece of equipment .
It is used for holding pins and needles .
A pin cushion is a piece of equipment that is used for holding pins and needles .
A pin cushion is small cushion used for holding pins and needles .
A pin cushion is a piece of .
It is used for holding pins and needles .
In 1921 an unofficial fourth stanza dealt with the post war situation .
Fallersleben 's music was very popular in Germany during the second part of the 19th century as a patriotic song .
The music was written by Joseph Haydn in 1797 as the anthem of Austria .
The words which are used today were written by Heinrich Hoffmann von Fallersleben in 1841 .
Fallersleben dreamt of a united Germany when he wrote it .
Fallersleben 's music was very popular in Germany during the second part of the 19th century .
It was not sung very often .
The words were written by August Heinrich Hoffmann von Fallersleben in 1841 .
Fallersleben 's music was very popular in Germany during the second part of the 19th century as a patriotic song .
The music was written by Haydn in 1797 as the anthem of Austria .
The words which are used today were written by the poet August Heinrich Hoffman von Fallersleben in 1841 .
This was usually followed by a Nazi party song .
It was not very popular .
German wine and German songs !
The music was written by Joseph Haydn in 1797 as the anthem of Austria .
The words which are used today were written by Heinrich Hoffmann von Fallersleben in 1841 .
This was often followed by a Nazi party song .
This part of the song was difficult for some people who were not Germans because it has words describing Germany as a country that included land that was in other countries .
This was usually followed by a Nazi party song .
Enzymes are proteins that make chemical reactions happen faster .
They do this by taking the chemicals apart into smaller molecules .
Enzymes are proteins that speed up chemical reactions .
They do this by breaking the chemicals down into smaller molecules .
Enzymes are special molecules that speed up chemical reactions in the body .
Amylase turns starch molecules into smaller molecules called maltose .
These get turned into even smaller glucose molecules later .
Another example is the fatty acids which turn fats into smaller molecules .
Enzymes are special molecules that work as catalysts .
This means that enzymes speed up chemical reactions in the body .
Amylase breaks down starch molecules into smaller maltose molecules which later get broken down into even smaller glucose molecules .
Another example is that fatty acids break down fats into smaller molecules .
Almost all biochemical reactions in living things require enzymes .
This is why reaction speeds up .
Enzymes are also proteins .
Proteins are large molecules made from many amino acids .
Different enzymes do different things because their amino acids are hooked together in different order .
Amylase is found in saliva .
It breaks down starch molecules into smaller glucose and maltose molecules .
Another example is lypase enzyme which breaks down fats into smaller molecules .
The proteases are also enzymes .
Some enzymes take smaller chemicals and build them up into bigger chemicals .
The correct pH can be very different sizes .
Virtually all biochemical reactions in living things require enzymes .
Enzymes speed up chemical reactions by lowering the amount of energy needed for a reaction to work .
Enzymes are proteins .
They are large molecules made from many amino acids .
Different enzymes do different things because their amino acids are hooked together in different orders .
Another example is lypase enzymes which break down fats into smaller molecules .
The proteases are a whole class of enzymes .
Some enzymes take smaller chemicals build them up into bigger chemicals .
The correct pH varies considerably .
Enzymes can occur in different cellular compartments .
Enzymes can be regulated by their own products .
This is caused by the acidic conditions which occur inside the host cell 's lysosome .
Enzymes can be regulated by inhibitors and activators .
This is caused by the acidic conditions which occur inside the host cell when it enters the lysosome .
There are thousands of different enzymes .
Enzymes have names which show what they do .
Examples of this include ATP synthase .
It makes a chemical called ATP .
Another example is DNA polymerase .
It reads an intact DNA strand and uses it as a template to make a new strand .
One example of an enzyme is amylase .
This is found in saliva .
Another kind of enzyme is the lypase .
It breaks down fats into smaller molecules .
This is hard to do because there may be hundreds or thousands of atoms in an enzyme .
The biochemists ca n't draw all this detail .
This is why they use ribbon models as pictures of enzymes .
Ribbon models can show the shape of an enzyme without having to draw every atom .
The correct pH can be very different .
Heating an enzyme above a certain temperature will destroy the enzyme permanently .
It will be broken down by protease and the chemicals will be used again .
Some chemicals can help an enzyme do its job even better .
These are called activators .
These are called inhibitors .
There are many thousands of different enzymes .
Enzymes have names which reflect what they do .
Examples of this include ATP synthase which makes a chemical called ATP .
The correct pH can vary greatly .
This means that it no longer works .
It will be broken down by protease and the chemicals will be reused .
The tallest mountain in the world is Mount Everest in Asia .
The tallest mountain in North America is Mount McKinley in Alaska in the USA .
The tallest mountain in the world Is Mount Everest .
The usual height for a mountain in England is 600 metres .
Mountains can symbolize hard things to overcome or an obstacle .
The forming of a mountain is called orogeny .
A mountain range is a large group of mountains beside each other .
A mountain 's summit is the highest area an individual can reach .
A mountain climber will not reach the peak of the mountain .
The standard height for a mountain in England is 600 metres .
Mountains can symbolize challenges to overcome or an obstacle .
Mountain formation is called orogeny .
This happens when one tectonic plate rides over another .
A mountain range is a large group of mountains next to each other .
The molten rock later cools off and forms hardened rock .
This hardened rock then wears away in places .
The molten rock eventually cools off and forms hardened rock .
These long mountain chains also show lots of signs of folding .
They tend to look like an accordion .
These long mountain chains also show extensive signs of folding .
Plateau mountains are formed a bit like folded mountains .
They are large areas of flat topped rocks that have been lifted high above the crust by continental plates .
Plateau mountains are formed similar to folded mountains .
They are large areas of flat topped rocks that have been lifted high above the crust by converging continental plates .
Fault block mountains are formed when parts of the Earth 's crust has been broken off into large block mountains .
An example is the Flinders Ranges in South Australia .
Compilers turn code in a language into code in another language or machine code .
Compilers turn code written in other languages into code in another language or machine code .
Machine code is sometimes called native code when referring to things that work only on some computers .
Machine code is sometimes called native code when referring to parts of language features or libraries that work only on some computers .
Machine code is sometimes called native code when talking about things that work on only some computers .
Machine code is sometimes called native code when referring to things that work only on some computers .
So all other computer languages are just machine code with simpler rules .
Different orders of 1s and 0s tell the computer to do different things .
Different orders of 1s and 0s tell the microprocessor to do different things .
All computer languages are just machine code with simpler rules .
Machine language is the lowest level of software .
So all other computer languages are just machine code with simpler rules .
They tell the computer what to do .
Machine code is also called machine language .
All other computer languages are just machine code with much simpler rules .
So all other computer languages are just machine code with much simpler rules .
This code is the lowest level of software .
Machine language is the lowest level of software .
Their order tells the computer what to do .
The order of them tells the computer what to do .
Each processor has its own machine code .
All computers have their own machine language .
Using a number of switches .
This generates a sequence of 1 and 0 .
This was used in the early days of computing .
Using a Hex editor .
This allows to use opcodes instead of the number of the command .
Assembler languages are easier to read versions of the opcodes .
They have a syntax that is relatively easy to read .
This allows programs that use abstraction .
These programs are translated into machine code .
Java programs are first translated into bytecode .
Then it is translated into machine language when it is executed .
This was the way used in the early days of computing .
Using a Hex editor which allows to use opcodes instead of the number of the command .
This allows to write programs that use abstraction .
These programs are then translated into machine code .
Instructions are patterns of bits that correspond to different commands that can be given .
An instruction set is specific to a processor or a family of processors that have a similar architecture .
Processors that try to be similar to the original processor can also copy all of its instructions .
Very often these newer processors add more instructions not present in the original design .
Sometimes it no longer support it .
This will change the compatibility of the code .
Some old code will no longer work on the newer processor .
This is rarely a problem though .
Many systems may also be different in other respects .
The access to the memory or its arrangement may be different .
Peripheral devices may be connected in a different way .
This is true even when the same type of processor is used .
Most instructions have one or more opcode fields .
They specify the basic instruction type .
There may also be special instructions .
They are contained in the opcode itself .
Processor designs can also be different in other ways .
Different instructions can have different lengths .
Instructions are patterns of bits that correspond to different commands that can be given to the machine .
Machine code or machine language is the name for commands .
They can directly be executed by a processor .
All other kinds of software need to be translated into machine code .
They must be translated before a given processor can execute them .
Machine code is what assembly code .
Other programming languages are compiled to or interpreted as .
So assembly like add 66 could be similar to the base 16 machine code 01 42 .
This is if 01 is the opcode for add .
Machine code is sometimes called native code .
This is when talking about things that work on only some computers .
Instructions are patterns of bits .
They correspond to different commands that can be given .
This is rarely a problem .
Machine code or machine language is the name for the commands which can directly be executed by a processor .
Machine code is what assembly code and other programming languages are compiled to or interpreted as .
Machine code is sometimes called native code when talking about things that work on only some computers .
Instructions are patterns of bits that correspond to different commands that can be given .
This is rarely a problem though .
They must be translated before they can be used .
Program builders turn code into another language or machine code .
Assembler languages are simpler than opcodes .
Their syntax is easy to read .
The assembler will automatically translate the source code into machine code .
Then it is translated into machine language when it is used .
Many modern processors use microcode for some of the commands .
More complex commands especially use it .
Newer processors often copy all of its instructions .
Many systems may also be different in other ways .
Processor designs can be different in other ways .
Having all instructions have the same length can simplify the design .
This section provides specific example of code .
It is the highest 6 bits .
It determines the exact operation of the code .
The address or immediate fields contain an operand directly .
They must be translated before a given processor can execute them .
Program builders turn code in a language into code in another language or machine code .
Assembler languages are easier to read versions of the opcodes .
They have a syntax that is relatively easy to read .
The assembler will then automatically translate the source code into machine code .
Then it is translated into machine language when it is executed .
Very often these newer processors add more instructions not present in the original design .
Many systems may also be different in other respects .
Processor designs can also be different in other ways .
Having all instructions have the same length can make the design of processors simpler .
The following sections provide a specific example for a machine code .
This section has examples of code .
Place the result in register 6 .
Load a value into register 8 .
This section provides specific example of code .
Machine code is what assemble code .
So assembly like add 66 could be like the base 16 machine code 01 42 .
This is used when talking about things that work on only some computers .
The assembler will translate the source code into machine code on its own .
The translation can happen in many steps .
Then it is turned into machine language when it is used .
More complex commands tend to use it .
They correspond to the different commands that can be given .
An instruction set is specific to a processor or a family of processors that have a similar set up .
Sometimes a newer processor will change the meaning of an instruction .
Sometimes it will no longer support it .
This can change the compatibility of the code .
Processors that are similar will sometime act different .
Their access to the memory or its arrangement may be different .
Computer hardware may be connected in a different way .
Machine code is what assembly code .
So assembly like add 66 could be similar to the base 16 machine code 01 42 .
This is when talking about things that work on only some computers .
The assembler will automatically translate the source code into machine code .
The translation can happen in multiple steps .
Then it is translated into machine language when it is used .
More complex commands especially use it .
They correspond to different commands that can be given .
An instruction set is specific to a processor or a family of processors that have a similar architecture .
Sometimes it no longer support it .
This will change the compatibility of the code .
The access to the memory or its arrangement may be different .
Peripheral devices may be connected in a different way .
All other kinds of software need to be translated into machine code before they can be used .
All other kinds of software need to be translated into machine code .
They must be translated before they can be used .
So assembly like add 66 could be like the base 16 machine code 01 42 .
This is if 01 is the opcode for add .
In some countries this is the normal method today .
It is only possible to find oral temperatures on patients who can hold the thermometer correctly in their mouth .
So small children can not use this method .
It is also a problem for people with a cough or people who are vomiting .
Rectal temperatures are the most exact method .
Doctors like the rectal method best for children .
Today they use electronic thermometers .
A thermometer is an apparatus .
It used to measure temperature .
The temperature of a body tells us how hot or how cold it is .
Japanese has a sound which is not common in English which is usually written Tsu .
In many sentences there is no subject .
The listener can guess what the subject is by thinking about the context and the form of the verb .
Katakana is mostly for writing sound effects and words from outside of Japan .
Japanese has a sound not often found in English that is usually written Tsu .
A long o or u would be an extended version .
Katakana is for writing sound effects and words from outside of Japan .
In Japanese a lot of these differences are made by adding or changing the endings of words .
All three systems can be seen written in a sentence .
This is usually done by adding spices .
This is usually accomplished by adding spices .
This is usually done by adding spices .
Flavor can also be used to describe the act of adding a taste alteration to something .
It comes close to the Earth every 75 or 76 years .
It will return in 2061 .
It is the first comet humans were able to predict that it would return .
It comes close to the Earth every 76 years .
It will return in 2062 .
It is the first comet predicted to return .
The book Rules of Golf reads The Game of Golf consists in playing a ball from the teeing ground into the hole by a stroke or successive strokes in accordance with the Rules .
The two common forms of playing golf are match play and stroke play .
The golfer that has the greatest number of holes wins .
The rules do not let the golfer use over 14 clubs in a game .
Golfers call the four biggest tournaments in professional golf majors and they play them at nearly the same time every year .
Golf is a outdoor game where each player has to play his own small ball into a hole by using different types of clubs .
Every game of golf is based on playing a number of holes in a given order .
A round typically consists of 18 holes that are played in the order determined by the course layout .
The two basic forms of playing golf are match play and stroke play .
The team that wins more holes than the other wins the game .
The rules forbid the golfer to carry more than 14 clubs during the game .
The four biggest tournaments in professional golf are called majors and they are played at roughly the same time every year .
It is a leap year .
It is a common year .
The same storm which pounded the US earlier in the month hits England and Scandinavia .
At least 13 are dead among hurricane force winds and the worst flooding in northwest England in 40 years .
Mahmoud Abbas is elected to succeed Yasser Arafat as Palestinian Authority president in the Palestinian election .
The first Parliamentary elections in Iraq since the overthrow of the Ba'ath Party government led by Saddam Hussein take place .
Iraqi insurgents release a video claiming to have shot the aircraft down using a missile .
The attacks were carried out by Al Qaeda .
This may indicate that the two lines of evolution diverged earlier .
Humans are part of the animal kingdom .
Humans belong to the order of primates .
Apes like gorillas and gibbons are also primates .
The difference between a human and a chimpanzee was about ten times greater than the difference between two unrelated humans .
One way that scientists use to explain the similarity between humans and other primates such as Chimpanzees is the Theory of Evolution .
This comes from the Latin homo for human .
Homo sapiens are the only type of hominids who are alive today .
The skull may show that the two lines of evolution earlier .
A war often involves the use of dangerous force as both sides try to kill each other .
It is estimated that during the 20th century between 167 and 188 million humans died because of war .
A war always involves the use of lethal force as both sides try to kill each other .
It is estimated that during the 20th century between 167 and 188 million humans died as a result of war .
In jungles it rains a lot .
Scientists think that more animals and plants live in the jungles than everywhere else .
Scientists believe that most animals and plants of earth live in the jungles .
Air near the grounds surface is heated by conduction .
Relief rain usually occurs along coastal areas where a line of hills runs along to the coast .
Lower layer of air near the ground surface is heated by conduction .
All 155 people leave the airplane safely .
The accident happened because the plane hit a flock of Canada Geese .
Prime Minister Vladimir Putin publicly supports the move and suggests that international observers be brought into the dispute .
This ends Israel 's attacks after 22 days of fighting in Gaza .
Union of Congolese Patriots leader Thomas Lubanga is claimed to have used children to make war .
Union of Congolese Patriots leader Thomas Lubanga is accused of using children to make war .
Electrons have the smallest electrical charge .
The measurement given off by a galvanometer is different from the measurement given off by an electrometer .
Physics of Particle Detection .
In one instance a Penning trap was used to contain a single electron for a period of 10 months .
The distribution of the electrons in solid materials can also be visualized .
The antiparticle of the electron is called a positron .
The measurement given off by a galvanometer is different than the measurement given off by an electrometer .
An electron is a very small piece of matter and energy .
An electron is a tiny piece of matter and energy .
Chile is a well educated country .
In Chile is a well educated country .
The majority of people are Roman Catholic .
A nuclear war is when two or more groups or countries fight with nuclear weapons .
Many people fear that there will be a large nuclear war some day .
Only two nuclear bombs were ever used in a war .
Both bombs fell on Japanese cities .
The first on Hiroshima and the second on Nagasaki .
The bombings took place near the end of World War II .
The human race has built enough nuclear weapons and carrying devices over the last sixty years that a nuclear war which used all nuclear explosives on Earth would probably nearly kill every human being on the planet .
Mario was the first video game character to get a wax figure in the Hollywood Wax Museum in 2003 .
Mario was the first video game character to be honored with a wax figure in the legendary Hollywood Wax Museum in 2003 .
Some of the first were the Atari 2600 and Nintendo Entertainment System which were sold in the 1980s .
New video games are the Xbox and PlayStation 2 .
You can play portable video games anywhere .
The most popular portable video games are the Nintendo DS and the PlayStation Portable .
You can even watch movies on the PlayStation Portable !
There has been some arguments over the Violence and Sex in Video Games .
For more information see Video Game Controvesey .
New video games are the Xbox and PlayStation 2 .
The most popular portable video game console is the Nintendo GameBoy .
The most popular portable video games are the Nintendo DS and the PlayStation Portable .
The competetive use of video games is called electronic sports .
The competetiv use of cideo games is called electronic sports .
This is a high powered xbox .
This is little more than a high powered xbox .
One of the most popular portable video games consoles is the Nintendo Game Boy .
The most popular portable video game console is the Nintendo Game Boy .
It was the first 7th generation console to come out .
It was the first 7th generation console to be released .
The Oboe is part of the double reed section .
The Oboe is usually heard most in most Orchestras which usually have approximately four oboist .
The sound that the oboe produces is very high pitched but at the same time has a smooth sound that makes the listener want to hear more .
Most student models are made out of plastic .
Many players that play the oboe and own or have access to an English Horn also play the English Horn .
Adelaide is a city in Australia .
It has a population of a bit more than a million people .
Adelaide is the capital city of the Australian state of South Australia .
The Adelaide City Council was established in 1840 and is the oldest municipal authority in Australa .
They brought with them the vine cuttings that founded the acclaimed wineries of the Barossa Valley .
An influx of Asian immigrants following the Vietnam War added to the mix .
These cultures have blended to form a rich and diverse cuisine and vibrant restaurant culture .
It is also the host of the annual Tour Down Under bicycle race .
The plan will supposedly set out the framework for upgrading the public transport system .
North Carolina pop pianist Ben Folds has been living in Adelaide since 1999 .
Adelaide has several sister cities .
Yoshi is one of the more famous characters in the Mario series .
Yoshi is one of the more recognizable characters in the Mario series .
Most tires today do not have a tube inside of them .
Most tires today are do not have a tube inside of them .
A city 's population is the number of humans living in that city .
The population includes all ages and races that live in that certain area .
Areas with a high population density are crowded .
Areas with a low population density are not .
Areas with a high population density are places with many people .
Areas with a low population density have a small populations .
Areas with a high population density are crowded .
Areas with a low population density are not .
This is called sublimation .
The opposite where water vapor becomes snow is called deposition .
The opposite process is called deposition .
When clouds are full they pour out rain but in cold weather ice crystals fall out as soft little flakes that are called snowflakes .
The word snow comes from an older version of English from a long time ago called Old English .
He made telescopes so he could look at stars and other planets .
He improved on existing telescopes so he could observe stars and other planets .
He said that he changed his mind to avoid dying .
He claimed that he changed his mind to avoid dying .
A contract is an agreement or promise that the law can enforce .
The law will enforce some agreements but not others .
A contract is a legally enforceable agreement between two or more people or groups .
An agreement is a meeting of minds and usually only becomes legally enforceable when other legal requirements are present .
Plumbago sticks were at first wrapped in string or in sheepskin .
Plumbago sticks were at first wrapped in string or in sheepskin for stability .
A clause is simply something like Aristole is human or all humans are motzal .
Meaning both of the two .
Rightarrow reads like implies or If .
A clause is simply something like Aristole is human or all humans are mortal .
A clause is simply something like Aristole is human or all humans are motzal .
The goal of Communism is for workers to take control of factories and business and to share things more fairly .
People will do their best and use only what they need .
In the 1930 's he proclaimed that the USSR was a Socialist Country .
Stalin disagreed with Karl Marx 's ideas .
Many other people tried to stop Communism .
Leon Trotsky argued that socialism had to be international .
He acted against Stalin after Lenin 's death in 1924 .
He was exiled by Stalin and in 1940 he was hunted down and murdered by a Stalinist agent in Mexico .
Mao 's version of communism is usually called Maoism .
The Soviet Union was the first country to make its goal the creation of a Communism .
But the country never became Communist in the way that Marx described .
They call this kind of communism Stalinism .
Communism The goal of communism is for the working classes to take control of the fruits of their labors and distribute them evenly amongst the population .
In 1848 Karl Marx and Freidrich Engels wrote Manifesto of the Communist Party a short pamphlet outlining the basic ideas and principles of the Communists .
Vladimir Lenin thought that there had to be a group of hard working revolutionaries to lead the rest of the people to lead a Socialist Revolution worldwide and create a communist society .
Leon Trotsky upheld the view that Socialism had to be International against Stalin after Lenin 's death in 1924 .
He was exiled by Stalin and later hunted down and murdered by a Stalinist agent in Mexico in 1940 .
Mao 's version of communism is more commonly called Maoism .
The Soviet Union was the first country to make their goal the creation of a Communism .
Some communist leaders such as Stalin or Mao Tse Tung had lots of strict laws and a secret police force to keep themselves in power .
The Communist Party had all the real political power .
All of the countries that became communist either had a violent revolution or were invaded by another communist country that left behind a government .
Some communist dictators such as Stalin or Mao Zedong had lots of strict laws and a secret police force to keep themselves in power .
The Communist Party or the dictator had all the real political power .
Most of the countries that became communist either had a violent revolution or were invaded by another communist country that left behind a government .
Communism is a political way of thinking and idea of how society should work and be organised .
Communism is a political way of thinking and idea of how society should work and be organized .
This social process is known as common ownership .
Many countries have claimed to be workers states but many communists debate this .
Some of these countries leaders such as Stalin or Mao Zedong had lots of strict laws and a secret police force to keep themselves in power .
People could be sent to prison or killed for speaking against the government .
Most of these countries also countries had a legislature to make laws .
But the legislature usually did not have any real power and usually just approved the proposals of the leaders .
Most of the countries that claimed to be workers states either had a violent revolution or were invaded by a country that left behind a government .
People who support communism say that this is because these countries lacked democracy .
People who do not support communism usually say that the example of the Soviet Union and other similar countries proves that communism is dangerous and does n't work .
Mao Zedong of China thought that others classes would be important to the revolution in China and other third world countries because the working classes in these countries were small .
Mao 's ideas on communism are usually called Maoism or Mao Zedong Thought .
Some communist leaders such as Stalin or Mao Zedong had lots of strict laws and a secret police force to keep themselves in power .
People could be sent to prison for speaking against communism or the government .
Many people were also tortured or killed because they were against communism or the leader of the country .
Most communist countries had a legislature to make laws .
But the legislature usually did not have any real power and the laws it passed did not matter if the leader of the country or the Communist Party decided those laws did not work for their objectives .
Most of the countries that became communist either had a violent revolution or were invaded by another communist country that left behind a government .
This is to prevent another dictatorship by one political party or leader .
People who support communism say that this is because the people in charge of Russia were not real communists and did not understand how to do it right .
People who do not support communism usually say that the example of the Soviet Union and other communist countries proves that communism is dangerous and does n't work no matter who tries it .
Mao 's version of communism is usually called Maoism or Mao Zedong Thought .
North Korea is a country in the northern part of what used to be Korea .
North Korea is a country which is in the northern part of what used to be Korea .
American troops led by Douglas MacArthur and troops from many other countries were sent in by the United Nations because the United States wanted to the communist political system from spreading .
American troops led by Douglas MacArthur and troops from many other countries were sent in by the United Nations because they wanted to stop communism from spreading .
Other parliaments have copied the UK and are a lot like it .
Other parliaments have copied the UK and are very similar .
A Parliament is a type of legislature .
A parliament is a type of legislature .
The word parliament comes from the french word parlement which means a talk .
Latvia 's neighbors to the east are the countries Russia and Belarus .
People from Latvia are called Latvians .
Latvia 's neighbors more eastwards are the countries Russia and Belarus .
Latvia was settled by the Baltic tribes thousands of years ago .
German traders and crusaders came to Latvia at the end of the 12th century .
Latvians lost control of their homes .
Latvia finally became independent in 1918 .
The Soviet Union invaded Latvia during World War II and killed or took away many of its people to Siberia and other places far away from their homes .
Nazi Germany invaded and killed nearly all of Latvia 's Jews .
Lithuania is a country in Europe on the Eastern shore of the Baltic Sea .
Lithuania is a country in Europe on the Baltic Sea .
The country was taken over by the Russian Empire in 1795 .
Lithuania is a country in northern EuropeUnited Nations Geographical region and composition on the eastern shore of the Baltic Sea .
Lithuania is a country in Northern EuropeUnited Nations Geographical region and composition on the Eastern shore of the Baltic Sea .
Polish is used mostly in Vilnius County where Polish politicians are elected to represent the Polish minority .
The documents and street names must be in Lithuanian .
Polish is used mostly in vilnius County where Polish politicians are elected to represent the Polish minority .
Everything in this part of the Universe was much closer together than today .
Think of two ants on the surface of an expanding ball .
After a long time the ball starts expanding more slowly .
Now what can scientists do if they want to talk about the shape of the ball itself ?
Is it really like the surface of a ball ?
Or is it rather an infinite flat plane ?
Or is it like a cylinder ?
So they separate the shape from time and pretend that the Universe is not expanding .
Everything was close together .
The Universe was expanding faster .
Think of two ants on a expanding ball .
After a long time the ball starts expanding slower .
Scientists have found that it would be at least 78 billion light years away from us .
This length is called the comoving distance .
There are about two million people living there .
Lisbon is on the River Tagus .
It has a pleasant climate and has about 220 days of sunshine each year .
There are many beautiful beaches close to the city .
There are many beautiful beaches within half an hour of the city .
Today it is the second largest agglomeration in France .
It is situated about 150km east of the Italian border .
Nowadays it is the second largest agglomeration in France .
Where is Lyon ?
Marseille is the third largest .
Marseille is number 3 .
It is situated about 150km west of the Italian border .
It is situated about 150km east of the Italian border .
He was born in Connecticut .
It took over a month to know who won .
Many people still do n't agree with the result of that election .
Later he wanted something done about Iraq .
Bush asked the United Nations to take away the Weapons of Mass Destruction from Iraq .
Saddam Hussein was captured and is now on trial for War Crimes .
People disagree about the war in Iraq .
Bush has repeatedly had trouble with his public speaking .
His many and varied mistakes have lead to the formation of this new phrase .
Graduated in 1968 from Yale University with a Bachelor of Arts in History and entered the Texas Air National Guard .
After graduation Bush returned to Texas to enter the oil business .
It also marked the seventh consecutive election in which the Democratic nominee failed to reach that threshold .
The election marked the first time an incumbent president was reelected while his political party increased its numbers in both houses of Congress since Lyndon Johnson in the 1964 election .
It was the first time for a Republican since William McKinley in the 1900 election .
On immigration issues Bush has had one of the most liberal policies in the history of the United States .
He has proposed an immigration bill that would greatly expand the use of guest worker visas .
His proposal would match employers with foreign workers for a period up to six years .
Bush also supports the executive order banning employment discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation .
The cuts are currently scheduled to expire a decade after passage .
Bush has asked Congress to make the tax cuts permanent .
The law would give the elderly more control over their health care .
These mistakes have led to the creation of the phrase Bushism .
These mistakes have lead to the creation of the phrase Bushism .
This was the start of what people called the War on Terror .
Saddam Hussein was captured and Iraq killed him as punishment for the murder of 148 Iraqi people .
No new WMDs were ever found in Iraq .
He then extended the war to Iraq .
Bush asked the United Nations to take away all Iraq 's Weapons of Mass Destruction .
The United Nations refused because they did not believe Iraq had any weapons .
He is a Republican .
Bush tried to do many things to prevent another terrorist attack from happening .
Many people were against it because it took away freedom from people and many people were for it because it was for the safety of the country .
This sparked the debate of whether or not it was worth it to give up some freedom for safety .
These cuts led to the country having a large budget deficit .
Bush enacted a 700 billion dollar bailout which would give money to large corporations to prevent them from being bankrupt and to try to prevent the recession from getting worse .
Organic compounds are compounds with carbon .
There are many ways to sort organic compounds .
One way of showing the molecule is by drawing its structural formula .
Natural compounds are compounds made by plants or animals .
Synthetic Compounds are those made by people .
Organic compound are compounds with carbon .
Natural gas is often found in the ground together with petroleum .
Natural gas is often found together with petroleum .
You come to my property .
Xenon is a noble gas .
This group of gases are very unreactive .
Noble gases are very unreactive .
This group of gases are very unreactive .
The speed that a photon travels at .
The Theory of General Relativity says that nothing can go faster than this .
Going faster than the speed of light is called breaking the light speed barrier .
The speed at which a photon travels .
General Relativity forbids speeds higher then this .
The speed of light is the speed at which light travels in free space .
Maxwell 's equations predicted the speed of light and confirmed Faraday 's supposition that light was an electromagnetic wave .
The index of refraction of a transparent material is the ratio between the speed of light in a vacuum and the speed of light in that material .
The speed of light is by definition the speed at which light travels in free space .
Maxwell 's equations predicted that speed and confirmed Faraday 's supposition that light was an electromagnetic wave .
The index of refraction of a material is the ratio between the speed of light in vacuum and the speed of light in that material .
The speed of light is the speed at which light travels in space with nothing in it .
The theory of relativity is based on the fact that the measured speed of light is always the same whether or not the source of the light and the person doing the measuring are moving relative to each other .
These ideas were discovered in the early 1900s by Albert Einstein whose work completely changed our understanding of light .
The index of refraction of a clear material is the ratio between the speed of light in a vacuum and the speed of light in that material .
The speed of light is the speed at which light travels in free space .
The theory of relativity is based on the fact that the measured speed of light is always the same no matter if the source of the light and the person doing the measuring are moving relative to each other .
These principles were discovered in the early 1900s by Albert Einstein whose work completely changed our understanding of light .
The index of refraction of a transparent material is the ratio between the speed of light in a vacuum and the speed of light in that material .
Tokyo was burned up by fires started by the Great Kanto Earthquake in 1923 .
It was also badly damaged by bombs during World War II .
Tokyo was burned up by the Great Kanto Earthquake and later some bombings during the World War II .
It costs more than zinc .
It cost more than zinc .
An alloy has properties different from the metals it is made of .
An alloy has properties different from its constituent metals .
We use materials to make things .
Materials are used to make things .
Material relates to physical matter .
Cloth or fabric is called material .
Raw materials are ones that have not been processed into something .
Cloth or fabric is called material .
Raw materials are ones that have not been processed into something .
The brain does thinking and learning for the body .
The senses send information to the brain through nerves .
The brain also tells the body what to do through nerves .
The human brain is wrinkled to fit more nerve cells inside the skull .
The brain is a part of the body that allows us to make sense of the world around us and to change our behavior in response top it .
The brain is the part of the body that deals with information .
Kishan gets turned on by himself !
Efferent neurons transport signals from the central nervous system to the effector cells .
Efferent neurons transmit signals from the central nervous system to the effector cells .
The signal passes between the neurons via synapses .
Synapses are microscopic voids between cells where chemicals are released from the axon terminal of one cell to specialized chemical receptors on the dendrite of the receiving cell .
Sensory neurons carry signals from sense organs to the spinal cord and brain .
Relay neurons carry messages from one part of the CNS to another .
A line has no width .
A line is made up of an infinite number of points .
A line is made up of an infinite number of points .
A line has no width .
A line is the path of one point moving .
A line has length but no width .
The word line usually means a straight line .
A straight line is the shortest distance between two points .
A straight line is the direction of a point moving in a direction that does not change .
A curved line is sometimes called a curve .
A line is a type of geometric figure .
Lines can get their names from any two points on the line .
A line has no width .
For three or more lines nothing can be said .
A line is a type of geometric figure .
A line is a type of geometric figure .
A line is made up of an endless number of points .
A line is made up of an infinite number of points .
The opposite of an acid is a base .
Those acids mixed in water are called aqueous solutions of acids .
Aqueous means in water .
A concentrated aqueous solution of acid contains more acid than a dilute solution .
Concentrated acids can be dangerous .
Acids have a sour taste when mixed with water .
They change metals more reactive than copper into new chemical compounds and hydrogen gas .
Reactivity measures how easy it is to make a compound change into a different compound .
Some people are worried about acid rain .
Those acids dissolved in water are called aqueous solutions of acids .
There are concentrated acids and dilute acids .
A concentrated aqueous solution of acid contains more acid than water .
A dilute aqueous solution of acid contain more water than acid .
Acids have a sour taste when dissolved in water .
Aqueous solutions of acids conduct electricity .
They react with metals more reactive than copper to give hydrogen gas .
Acids can burn the skin .
Burns like this can cause serious damage quickly .
Sometimes the abbreviation HA is used to mean an acid .
A star like our Sun will become a white dwarf when it has run out of fuel .
This heat is what is left of the heat made when the star collapsed .
These are what is left of the star after all of its heat and light has gone away .
It was the second white dwarf to be discovered .
White Dwarfs were discovered in the 19th century and the first ones discovered were white .
Color and size explain the name white dwarf .
They may have the same mass as the Sun and so are very compact .
Such matter is called degenerate .
Low mass main sequence stars are small and cool .
These form an entirely different class of heavenly bodies than white dwarfs .
The pressure obeys the ideal gas law .
These are stars blown up by radiation pressure and are very large .
A star like our Sun will become a white dwarf when it has exhausted its nuclear fuel .
It is thought that even stars 8 times as massive as the Sun will in the end die as white dwarfs .
This creates a type I supernova and is the most powerful of all the supernovae .
Analysis of the orbit of the Sirius star system showed that the mass of the Pup was almost the same as that of our own Sun .
This implied that Sirius B was thousands of times more dense than lead .
This is now called the Chandrasekhar limit .
Chandrasekhar received the Nobel prize in 1983 .
Treatment and certain drugs can help people with certain mental illnesses lead a better life .
What is considered as a mental illness has changed over time .
What is considered to be a mental illness may not be one in a different culture .
Birds are sometimes considered dinosaurs that still live today .
Birds are sometimes considered a type of dinosaur that still live today .
Scientists think dinosaurs first were alive about 230 million years ago .
Birds are sometimes called the descendants or ancestors of dinosaurs .
It could also have been that the climate changed and they could not to the new temperature .
Scientists think dinosaurs first appeared about 230 million years ago .
Birds are sometimes considered descendants of dinosaurs .
It could have been that the climate changed and they could not to the new temperature .
Hitler is an important leader in world history .
The government put Hitler in the Landsburg Prison .
In 1933 Hitler got into power in Germany because of political manoeuvering .
His government immediately began restricting freedom of speech and the press .
Hitler is considered one of the most important leaders of world history .
Adolf was an intelligent boy .
He twice failed to pass the high school admission tests in Linz .
Hitler did not like the Austrian army .
So he left Austria for Germany .
He lived in a German city named Munich .
The government put Hilter in the Landsburg Prison .
In 1933 Hitler gained power in Germany due to political manuvering .
All media had to praise the Nazis .
He made Germany a totalitarian Nazi state .
In 1933 Hitler got into power in Germany because of political maneuvering .
All media were forced to praise Nazis .
This was in accordance with Socialist principles .
That made him a dictator .
Nazis also thought that the German people were better than other groups of people .
Hitler failed high school admission tests in Linz twice .
He fought for Germany in the First World War .
He was wounded in the war .
The book said that Germany would take land from Poland and Russia .
In 1933 Hitler was elected into the German government .
He did not allow any other party except the Nazi party .
Hitler started World War II by ordering the German Army to invade Poland .
Finally the other countries in the world teamed up and defeated Germany .
Hitler is one of the most notorious people in history .
He served in World War I and was wounded .
That made him a dictator .
His government was responsible for the death of millions of people .
Some of those people were considered unwanted by the government .
Others were put to death because their life was considered not to be worth living .
Some of these events are called The Holocaust .
Some people say he committed suicide with both a gun and poison .
He did this a few days before his army was defeated by the Allies .
Adolf failed high school admission tests in Linz twice .
He did well for Germany in the first world war .
He was hurt in the war .
He says that they had disagreements .
Hitler wished to become an artist .
His government immediately began restricting freedom of speech and press .
It made people political prisoners .
He became Chancellor of Germany in 1933 and became dictator of Germany in 1934 .
He was Chancellor of Germany since 1933 and became dictator of Germany in 1934 .
Hitler was been influenced by Martin Luther 's On the Jews and their Lies .
Hitler have been influenced by Martin Luther 's On the Jews and their Lies .
Sometimes it means any drink containing alcohol .
Mozart could play the piano when very young and he was known as a great piano player as well as a great composer .
Mozart was a child prodigy .
Twice he played in front of the Empress Maria Theresa of Austria .
Many people who heard him wrote about this amazing boy and that is how we know a lot of what happened .
Soon Mozart was traveling to other countries .
When he went back to Salzburg he argued with the Archbishop who actually kicked him out .
He was working on an opera The Magic Flute which is one of his best works and a very popular opera today .
He was told to write this in secret .
Mozart could play the piano when very young and he was known as a great pianist as well as a great composer .
Twice he played in front of the empress Maria Theresa of Austria .
Many people who heard him wrote about this remarkable boy and that is how we know a lot of what happened .
Soon Mozart was traveling abroad .
When he went back to Salzburg he argued with the Archbishop who literally kicked him out .
He was working on an opera The Magic Flute which is one of his greatest works and a very popular opera today .
He was told to compose this in secret .
Then he was asked to write an Italian opera La Clemenza di Tito .
This was performed in Prague during September 1791 .
In sexual intercourse with a woman the penis is put into a woman 's vagina and then excited by moving it back and forth .
In sexual intercourse the penis is put into a woman 's vagina and then excited by moving it back and forth .
The penis is a male sex organ located on the outside of the body .
When a man is having sex with a woman and he ejaculates in her vagina .
The sperm in his semen can make her pregnant .
The main sexual function of the penis is to be inserted into the vagina and deliver semen to cause pregnancy .
The foreskin is a fold of skin that covers the end of the penis when not erect and up to half of the penis when it is erect .
Its main design is to protect the head of the penis by keeping it moist and sensitive .
The penis is an external male sex organ .
In sexual intercourse the penis is put into the vagina or anus .
The primary sexual function of the penis is to be inserted into the vagina and deliver semen to cause pregnancy .
It has two corpora cavernosa next to each other and a corpus spongiosum between them .
It has two corpora cavernosa next to each other and one corpus spongiosum between them .
This is expected in Islam and Judaism .
In the Jewish religion baby boys are required to have their foreskin removed .
This is expected in Islam and required Judaism .
Paris was conquered by Julius Caesar in 52 BC .
Paris was conquered by the Julius Caesar in 52 BC .
Julius Caesar conquered Paris in 52 BC .
Paris was conquered by Julius Caesar in 52 BC .
The Holocaust refers to the planned deportation and killing of people by Nazi Germany .
The Holocaust refers to the systematic deportation and killing of people by Nazi Germany .
The Holocaust refers to the planned deportation and killing of people by Nazi Germany .
Please see Holocaust denial for further reference .
Many Soviet prisoners of war and civilians were killed .
Also many Soviet prisoners of war and civilians were killed .
The numbers below are not known entirely because many of those killed were never written down .
The numbers given below are those most thinkers agree on .
The numbers given below are those most scholars agree on .
Still others were trampled by other Jews in merciless marches from one camp to another .
Others trampled by other Jews in merciless marches from one camp to another .
Anarchy is a term that has a number of different but related usages .
Anarchy is a term that has a number of different meanings .
AnarchyWhat kids do when their parents no longer take them to the old ball park .
Also common cry for attention by members of elite upper middle class .
Anarchy is a word that has many meanings .
Anarchy is a word that has several different meanings .
Anarchy is a word that has more than one use .
The word Anarchy to used to describe this .
The difference between anarchy and polyarchy is important to someone who thinks that true anarchy would work well .
Anarchism has been thought about for hundreds of years .
Anarchy is a word that has many meanings .
It can be found in the cells of all organisms .
DNA contains the plan for making the organism that contains it .
This plan is based on the plan from that organism 's parents .
Each leg of the ladder is a line of nucleotides .
DNA carries genetic information and is sometimes called the molecule of heredity .
DNA is replicated and transmitted to offspring .
DNA forms a double helix which consists of two nucleotide chains .
Order of these bases is the genetic information .
DNA is present in the nucleus .
It appears in the cells of all organisms .
But he thought DNA was phosphorous strage material in the cells .
They won a Nobel Prize in 1962 .
Nucleic acid is a substance in the nucleus of a cell .
The nucleus is part of the cell separated from the rest of the cell by a membrane .
DNA can be found in the cells of all organisms .
Your parents sperm and egg each give you half of your DNA .
The legs are each made of two bases .
The bases connect in the middle .
Miescher did not know what it was .
He did not know what it looked like .
It can be found in the cells of all organisms .
Nucleic acid is a substance in the middle of a cell .
The nucleus is part of the cell separated from the rest of the cell by a wall .
DNA also helps in making protein .
This marked an important step in the discovery of the form of DNA .
Nucleic acid is a substance in the nucleus of a cell .
The nucleus is part of the cell separated from the rest of the cell by a membrane .
DNA can be found in the cells of all organisms .
DNA also helps in protein synthesis .
This marked an important step in the discovery of the structure of DNA .
DNA contains the genetic code of the organism .
DNA also helps in making protein .
The connections are hydrogen bonds .
The rungs of the DNA ladder are each made of two bases .
Between these bases is a covalent bond .
The reason that A can only connect with T is that the bonds have to match up .
Even though they look the same size the bonds would n't match up !
When DNA is copied this is called DNA replication .
This gives two single strands .
Each copy of a DNA molecule is made of half of the original molecule and half of new bases .
Proteins are created in ribosomes .
The messenger RNA is made in a process called transcription .
DNA is copied in a process called DNA replication .
Proteins are created in ribosomes inside a cell .
The messenger RNA is synthesized in a process called transcription .
DNA is what tells the cell how to make particular proteins .
Proteins are made out of smaller molecules called amino acids .
Proteins are made in cell structure or organelles called ribosomes .
This is messenger mRNA .
The mRNA attaches to a ribosome where the protein is made .
Proteins are created in ribosomes .
Transcription Errors where the wrong base is put in .
Proteins are made in cell structures or organelles called ribosomes .
The molecule was found in the nucleus of the cells and so he called it nuclein .
James Crick and Francis Watson were also working on the structure of DNA and working from Franklin 's results and using them and models of the bases worked out the shape of the molecule .
How Crick and Watson got Franklin 's results has been much debated .
Proteins are made in cell structure or organelles called ribosomes .
The messenger RNA is made in a process called transcription .
James and Francis never found out what the shape was .
They simply stole the notes from Franklin .
They took all the credit with another scientist .
It was Rosiland 's helper that let James and Francis see the notes .
Apparently she didnt like Rosiland very much .
Mutations in DNA can cause all kinds of problems for just the cell or the entire organism .
So not all mutations are bad .
Point Mutations where the wrong base is put in .
Point Mutaations where the wrong base is put in .
The nucleus is a part of the cell separated from the rest of the cell by a membrane or wall .
The DNA in a living thing is a mix of the DNA from each of its parents .
Adenine and thymine can each make two hydrogen bonds and cytosine and guanine can make three hydrogen bonds .
The nucleus is part of the cell separated from the rest of the cell by a wall .
This code is based on the code from that organism 's parents .
Adenine and thymine can make two hydrogen bonds and cytosine and guanine can make three hydrogen bonds .
Each copy of a DNA molecule is made of half of the original molecule and half of new bases .
DNA is found in every cell in the organism and contains instructions that tell all the cells in the organism what proteins to make .
A piece of DNA that contains instructions to make a protein is called a gene .
The nucleus is a part of the cell separated from the rest of the cell by a membrane or wall .
DNA is inherited from parents to their children .
This is why children share traits with their parents .
The DNA in an organism is a mix of the DNA from each of its parents .
The DNA in a living thing is a mix of the DNA from each of its parents .
The proteins that a cell makes control its function .
The DNA in an organism is a mixture of the DNA from each of its parents .
This is why children share traits with their parents .
The DNA in an organism is a mix of the DNA from each of its parents .
DNA is found in every cell in the organism and tells all the cells what proteins to make .
DNA is found in every cell in the organism and contains instructions that tell all the cells in the organism what proteins to make .
Marx thought rich people did not pay their workers enough .
His most famous book was the Communist Manifesto .
He wrote it with Friedrich Engels in 1848 .
The book sets out the ideas and aims of communism .
His ideas are called Marxism .
His most important work is Das Kapital .
He spent many years working on the three volumes of the book .
Das Kapital talks about and disagrees with capitalism .
Marx lived for a long time in London .
He died there in 1883 .
His work was not finished by the time of his death and his friend Engels took his notes and completed two more volumes .
He Believed that you were n't cool unless you had hair like a lions mane .
He Believed that you were n't cool unless you hd hair like a lions mane .
Marx lived in japan as a young boy where he learned to speak french .
Marx lived in japan as a young boy where he learned to speak french and eat dogs for breakfast .
The theory is called the Big Bang because bang is the sound that a bomb makes .
The most important is the redshift of very far away stars .
From this we can see that the stars are moving away from us .
The background radiation is radio waves that are everywhere in the universe .
The doppler effect is when sound waves get bent by very fast moving objects .
This in turn spreads the sound waves that come off the back apart .
Redshift also supports this theory .
Scientists base this theory on many observations .
The Big Bang is the scientific theory about the beginning of the universe that is accepted by cosmologists .
Scientists base this cosmological theory on many observations .
Cosmology is the name given to how the universe began and how it has developed .
Scientists that study cosmology agree the Big Bang theory matches what they have seen so far .
Other theories do not match as well .
Scientists base this theory on many different observations .
Redshift is when an object moving away from the earth looks more red .
Objects moving towards the earth would look more blue .
This is because of the Doppler effect .
Other observations that support the Big Bang theory are the amounts of chemical elements in the universe .
Scientists also have found cosmic microwave radiation .
This radiation is radio waves that are everywhere in the universe .
Einstein 's theory of relativity says that the concentration of mass will increase the effect known as time dilation .
Scientists base this theory on many observations .
From this we can see that the stars are moving away from us .
The background radiation is radio waves that are everywhere in the universe .
As we go back in time all the matter in the Universe gets closer together .
This means that the big bang was also the beginning of time itself .
Sancho is an uneducated peasant who at first seems to have little sense or experience .
Sancho is an uneducated peasant who at first appears to have scant sense or worldly experience .
Foolish means silly or not wise .
Aristotle lived in Athens as a student of Plato .
Then he became a doctor of astronomy in 1960 .
Sagan became a teacher and director at Cornell in 1971 .
He helped many unmanned spacecraft to explore outer space .
He thought of the idea of putting a message on spacecraft which could be understood by any life from another planet that might find it .
He continued to make the messages better .
Sagan became a full professor at Cornell in 1971 and directed a lab there .
He helped most of the unmanned space missions that explored our solar system .
He continued to make the message better .
He was well known as a writer who warned of the dangers of nuclear winter .
He showed that the atmosphere of Venus is very hot and dense .
He suggested that the seasonal changes on Mars were due to dust storms .
Europa 's underground ocean was later confirmed by the spacecraft Galileo .
He was well known as a coauthor of the scientific paper that warned of the dangers of nuclear winter .
He showed that the atmosphere of Venus is extremely hot and dense .
He suggested that the seasonal changes on Mars were due to windblown dust .
Europa 's undergroun ocean was later confirmed by the spacecraft Galileo .
Sagan thought the search for life on other planets was a good idea .
He said scientists should listen with large radio telescopes for signals from other planets .
Sagan thought that the search for life from other planets was a good idea .
He said the scientific community should listen with large radio telescopes for signals from intelligent life from other planets .
Sagan said that marijuana helped him write some of his books .
Sagan commented that marijuana encouraged some of his works and enhanced experiences .
Sagan was very good at helping people to understand the cosmos .
Not all scientists agreed with him .
What he said about the Kuwait oil well fires during the first Gulf War were shown later to be wrong .
Sagan 's ability to convey his ideas allowed many people to better understand the cosmos .
Sagan caused mixed reactions among other professional scientists .
His comments on the Kuwait oil well fires during the first Gulf War were shown later to be in error .
Some people thought Sagan had a big ego .
Sagan was considered by some to have an inflated ego .
This is how the Europeans learned that North America and South America were there .
This is how the Europeans learned about the existence of North and South America .
Dry cells are commonly used today .
Dry cells are the most widely used chemical cells .
The USSR and China supported the communists in North Vietnam .
The Vietnam War was a product of the conflict between France and Vietnam .
North Vietnam wanted to get rid of South Vietnam 's government and make the whole country communist .
The United States sent soldiers to South Vietnam to help them defend against North Vietnam .
Earlier France had dominated the Vietnam region .
The Vietnam War grew out of the long conflict between France and Vietnam .
The first part of the Vietnam War started in 1946 when the French tried to take control of the small country .
The USA sent soldiers to South Vietnam to help them defend themselves from the North Vietnamese .
The North Vietnamese wanted to overthrow the South Vietnamese government and take control of the whole country for communism .
North and South Vietnam were officially reunified on July 2 1976 as the Socialist Republic of Vietnam .
The Vietnam War was a product of the conflict between France and the Vietnamenese and their leader Ho Chi Minh .
They were fought by followers of Ho Chi Minh .
It began to send military advisors to help train and support the South Vietnam Army .
Reports later suggested that the attack did not happen .
South Vietnam contintued to fight the NLF and North Vietnam by itself .
The Vietnam caused a lot of controversy in the United States .
A large scale peace movement demonstrated against the war and conscription .
Some student protestors were even killed for protesting .
Many people felt like they were lied to by the United States government about Vietnam due to cover ups about bombing in Cambodia and the killing of Vietnamese civilians like that of the My Lai Massacre .
The United States used chemical agents such as Agent Orange to destroy crops and jungle areas .
The effects of these chemical agents are still felt today in Vietnam .
The Vietnam War was a product of the conflict between France and Vietnam .
The United States sent soldiers to South Vietnam to stop the spread of the communist political system .
Followers of Ho Chi Minh fought against the French .
The Vietnam War caused a lot of controversy in the United States .
Many people felt like they were lied to by the United States government about Vietnam due to cover ups about bombings in Cambodia and the killing of Vietnamese civilians like that of the My Lai Massacre .
They were fought by followers of Ho Chi Minh .
The Vietnam caused a lot of controversy in the United States .
Many people felt like they were lied to by the United States government about Vietnam due to cover ups about bombing in Cambodia and the killing of Vietnamese civilians like that of the My Lai Massacre .
South Vietnam continued to fight the NLF and North Vietnam by itself .
South Vietnam contintued to fight the NLF and North Vietnam by itself .
The United Nations is an international organization .
The main building for the United Nations is located in New York City in the United States of America .
The United Nations is an international organization where members from allot of nations hold meetings and pass resolutions concerning global issues .
The main building for the united nations is located in New York city in the United States of America .
The virus that causes chickenpox also causes shingles .
The virus that causes chickenpox also causes Shingles .
The River Avon runs through it .
Pepsin is a kind of enzyme .
It acts on proteins in the stomach .
Pepsin is used to make cheese .
The brand name Pepsi comes from pepsin .
Pepsin is a kind of enzymes .
It acts on proteins .
It works in the stomach .
The name Pepsi comes from pepsin .
Pepsin is also used in the preparation of cheese .
This includes humans .
They eat what ever the host eats in .
The head of a tapeworm has four suckers and two rings of hooks .
Each segment can produce eggs .
A tapeworm has four suckers and two rings of hooks on its head .
Eggs are laid by one or more segments detaching and passing out through the stool .
Tapeworms can be up to 30 or 36 feet long .
The King of Prussia becomes the first German Emperor as Wilhelm I.
The King of Prussia is declared the first German Emperor as Wilhelm I of Germany .
His deafness became worse .
Christopher Columbus was trader and explorer .
He wanted to bring spices and gold for the King and Queen of Spain .
He knew that the world was round but he did not know how big it was .
He thought that sea to the east of China that Marco Polo had found was the same sea as the one he could see as he looked out to the west of Europe .
That is why he called the people living there Indians .
Columbus sailed the Atlantic ocean hoping to find a short way to China and India to bring spices and gold for the King and Queen of Spain .
He had heard that Marco Polo had found a sea to the east of China and he believed that it must be the same as sea to the west of Europe .
He thought that sea to the east of China that Marco Polo had found was the same sea as the one he could see as he looked out to the west of Europe .
The GPL is a kind of copyleft license for software .
Richard Stallman created it .
Stallman wanted this because he had a problem with software hoarding before .
He gave the company Symbolics some software with the public domain license .
The GPL is a kind of copyleft licence for software .
It was created by Richard Stallman .
The reason was to prevent software hoarding .
Richard had once licenced a Lisp interpreter to Symbolics under the public domain .
The General Publi License or GPL is a kind of copyleft license for free software .
He wanted to stop software hoarding .
Stallman had had a problem with software hoarding before .
He had given the company Symbolics some software with a public domain copyright .
The GPL is a kind of copyleft license for software .
Stallman wanted this because he had a problem with software hoarding before .
He gave the company Symbolics some software with the public domain license .
Most meat comes from animals .
Most raw meat can give you an upset tummy .
Most raw meat can make humans sick .
Most meat comes from animals .
Most raw meat can give you an upset tummy .
There are 124 million people living there .
At 74 he succeeded Antonio da Sangallo the Younger as the architect of Saint Peter 's Basilica .
Ultimate Reference Suite .
Michelangelo 's mother was Francesca di Neri del Miniato di Siena .
Michelangelo 's father sent him to study grammar with the Humanist Francesco da Urbino in Florence as a young boy .
Michelangelo studied sculpture under Bertoldo di Giovanni .
The latter was based on a theme suggested by Poliziano and was commissioned by Lorenzo de Medici .
Michelangelo returned to Florence but received no commissions from the new city government under Savonarola .
He returned to the employment of the Medici .
Both Lorenzo and Michelangelo were unwittingly cheated out of the real value of the piece by a middleman .
Michelangelo arrived in Rome 25 June 1496J .
Today a modern reconstruction of Michelangelo 's house can be seen on the Gianicolo hill .
Artibus et historiae .
In 1505 Michelangelo was invited back to Rome by the newly elected Pope Julius II .
He was commissioned to build the Pope 's tomb .
On the pendentives supporting the ceiling are painted twelve men and women who prophesied the coming of the Jesus .
Around the windows are painted the ancestors of Christ .
Michelangelo agreed reluctantly .
The basilica lacks a facade to this day .
The city fell in 1530 and the Medici were restored to power .
Paul III was instrumental in seeing that Michelangelo began and completed the project .
Michelangelo labored on the project from 1534 to October 1541 .
The work is massive and spans the entire wall behind the altar of the Sistine Chapel .
It was there to be placed over the statue 's genitals so that they would not upset visiting female royalty .
The sketch is a partial plan for one of the radial columns of the cupola drum of Saint Peter 's .
Michelangelo designed the Medici Chapel .
The Medici Chapel has monuments in it dedicated to certain members of the Medici family .
Lorenzo the Magnificent was buried at the entrance wall of the Medici Chapel .
Sculptures of the Madonna and Child and the Medici patron saints Cosmas and Damian were set over his burial .
The madonna and child was Michelangelo 's own work .
Another Lorenzo de Medici wanted to use Michelangelo to make some money .
He had Michelangelo sculpt a Cupid that looked worn and old .
Cardinal Raffaele Riario became suspicious and sent someone to investigate .
These habits may have made him unpopular .
He had a reputation for being bizzarro e fantastico because he withdrew himself from the company of men .
But in Michelangelo 's art there is clearly a sensual response to this aesthetic .
Some young men were street wise and took advantage of the sculptor .
Michelangelo defended his privacy above all .
Cavalieri remained devoted to Michelangelo until his death .
They wrote sonnets for each other and were in regular contact until she died .
The asteroid 3001 Michelangelo and a crater on the planet Mercury were named after Michelangelo .
National Geographic Picture Atlas of Our Universe .
ISBN 0870446444 The character Michelangelo from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was named after Michelangelo .
The 1965 film The Agony and the Ecstasy features the story of Michelangelo and his travails in painting the Sistine Chapel .
He is portrayed in the film by Charlton Heston .
De Tolnay writes that it was at ten years old while Sedgwick notes in her translation of Condivi that Michelangelo was seven .
Filippo Strozzi sold it to Francis I in 1529 .
Ronald Taylor .
Michelangelo On and Off the Sistine Ceiling .
Michelangelo and the Language of Art .
Princeton University Press .
The Art and Thought of Michelangelo .
How to decide if a drawing is by Michelangelo .
One of his most famous works is the David .
He lived in Renaissance times .
He could paint with both hands .
Michelangelo painted the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel as well as painting artwork for the walls of the Sistine Chapel .
Some of Michelangelo 's works are among the most famous that have ever been made .
His most famous work of architecture is the east end and dome of Saint Peter 's Basilica .
Many other artists who saw his work tried to have the same emotional quality .
At 74 he succeeded Antonio da Sangallo the Younger as the architect of Saint Peter 's Basilica .
They claimed they were descended from the noble Countess Matilda of Canossa .
His mother died when he was seven .
His father owned a marble quarry near the small town of Settignano .
Michelangelo 's mother was Francesca di Neri del Miniato di Siena .
He had wealthy patrons who worked for the Medici .
He painted frescos in their family chapels .
Michelangelo would have learned about all these things .
Michelangelo 's father sent him to study grammar with the Humanist Francesco da Urbino in Florence as a young boy .
The Medici family were important patrons of the arts .
It was based on the philosophy of the ancient Greek Plato .
Michelangelo 's ideas and his art were influenced by these teachings .
Michelangelo and another young sculptor called Pietro Torrigiano studied sculpture under Bertoldo di Giovanni .
Michelangelo studied sculpture under Bertoldo di Giovanni .
The latter was based on a theme suggested by Poliziano and was commissioned by Lorenzo de Medici .
This brought about a big change in Michelangelo 's life .
Michelangelo asked the prior at the Church of Santo Spirito to allow him to study the anatomy of the bodies of people who had died at the church 's hospital .
So Michelangelo began to work for the Medici again .
He was a Dominican friar called Savonarola .
The Medici had to go .
Michelangelo made a marble statue of Cupid asleep .
Lorenzo sold it to a Cardinal who discovered that it was a fraud .
The pope then invited Michelangelo to go to Rome and work for him .
Michelangelo returned to Florence but received no commissions from the new city government under Savonarola .
He returned to the employment of the Medici .
Both Lorenzo and Michelangelo were unwittingly cheated out of the real value of the piece by a middleman .
Michelangelo arrived in Rome 25 June 1496 at the age of 21J .
He lived near the church of Santa Maria di Loreto on the Gianicolo hill .
Michelangelo worked hard at the statue .
The cardinal did not like the drunken Bacchus and would not pay for it .
A banker called Jacopo Galli bought it for his garden .
Michelangelo 's next important commission was from the French Ambassador who asked him to make a statue of the Virgin Mary mourning over the dead body of her son Jesus .
Michelangelo 's Pieta is the most famous Pieta that has ever been made .
It is now in Saint Peter 's Basilica and is visited by thousands of people every day .
Michelangelo arrived in Rome 25 June 1496J .
Today a modern reconstruction of Michelangelo 's house can be seen on the Gianicolo hill .
Artibus et historiae .
In 1505 Michelangelo was invited to Rome by the newly elected Pope Julius II .
Pope Julius was an old man .
He wanted Michelangelo to design a grand tomb .
Michelangelo started work .
Many people go to look at this statue .
The slaves were only partly carved .
Four of them are now in the Accademia in Florence .
The rest of the great plan was unfinished .
The main reason that Pope Julius ' tomb was not finished was that the Pope had an idea for another artwork .
The Sistine Chapel near St Peter 's Basilica had its walls painted by some famous artists from Florence .
The POpe decided that Michelangelo should paint the ceiling .
Michelangelo did n't want to .
He said that he was not a painter .
But the Pope was bullied Michelangelo until he agreed to do it .
He told the Pope that he would do it for God and that he would only do it if the Pope let him paint it in his own way .
The chapel was long and wide .
Pope Julius told Michelangelo to paint one of the twelve apostles of Jesus on each pendentive .
Michelangelo started to do this .
Then he got a different idea and scraped off the work that he had done .
Instead of apostles he painted twelve prophets .
Seven of them were men from the Old Testament but the other five were women and did not come from the Bible .
They were five prophets from the Classical world .
The most famous scene is the picture of God creating Adam .
The ceiling was so famous that many artists tried to copy the way that Michelangelo had arranged and painted the figures .
In 1513 Pope Julius II died .
Michelangelo was so upset at the behavior of the Medici that he left his beloved city and never went back .
Pope Clement VII called Michelangelo back to the Sistine Chapel to paint the wall behind the altar with a huge scene of The Last Judgement .
He worked on it from 1534 to 1541 .
It is a huge painting with many figure in it .
They called Michelangelo the painter of rude bits .
For the rest of his life he was known as the painter of pants .
The old St Peter 's Basilica had been partly demolished and a new one designed by Bramante .
But many architects had worked on it and it was still just at the beginning stages .
Michelangelo was made the architect .
In 1505 Michelangelo was invited back to Rome by the newly elected Pope Julius II .
He was commissioned to build the Pope 's tomb .
On the pendentives supporting the ceiling are painted twelve men and women who prophesied the coming of the Jesus .
Around the windows are painted the ancestors of Christ .
Michelangelo agreed reluctantly .
The basilica lacks a facade to this day .
The city fell in 1530 and the Medici were restored to power .
Paul III was instrumental in seeing that Michelangelo began and completed the project .
Michelangelo labored on the project from 1534 to October 1541 .
The work is massive and spans the entire wall behind the altar of the Sistine Chapel .
It was there to be placed over the statue 's genitals so that they would not upset visiting female royalty .
The sketch is a partial plan for one of the radial columns of the cupola drum of Saint Peter 's .
Leonardo was curious about everything in nature .
He wanted to know how everything worked .
Many people think that Leonardo was one of the greatest painters of all time .
Many people think that he was the most talented person ever to have lived .
Leonardo was born at Vinci which is a small town near Florence in Italy .
He spent most of his life working for rich Italian noblemen .
In his last years lived in a beautiful home given to him by the King of France .
He did many drawings .
It is so well known that even Homer Simpson and Garfield have been drawn in a square and a circle to look like the drawing .
Leonardo was always thinking of new inventions .
Most of his inventions were never made .
Little is known about Leonardo 's early life .
The second occurred while exploring in the mountains .
Leonardo 's early life has been the subject of historical conjecture .
A practical handbook of painting written in the early 15th century .
Much of the painted production of Verrocchio 's workshop was done by his employees .
This is probably an exaggeration .
He was commissioned to paint an altarpiece in 1478 for the Chapel of St Bernard and The Adoration of the Magi in 1481 for the Monks of San Donato a Scopeto .
This important commission was interrupted when Leonardo went to Milan .
Leonardo continued work in Milan between 1482 and 1499 .
While living in Milan between 1493 and 1495 Leonardo listed a woman called Caterina among his dependents in his taxation documents .
Seventy tons of bronze were set aside for casting it .
In 1492 the clay model of the horse was completed .
In November 1494 Ludovico gave the bronze to be used for cannons to defend the city from invasion by Charles VIII .
In 1506 he returned to Milan .
D'Oggione is known in part for his contemporary copies of the Last Supper .
Published 1909 .
Francis I had become a close friend .
These studies and Alberti 's Treatise were to have a profound effect on younger artists and in particular on Leonardo 's own observations and artworks .
A prevalent tradition in Florence was the small altarpiece of the Virgin and Child .
Leonardo was also later to visit Venice .
Leonardo later wrote in the margin of a journal The Medici made me and the Medici destroyed me .
Many authors have speculated on various aspects of Leonardo 's personality .
Leonardo had many friends who are now renowned either in their fields or for their historical significance .
Leonardo appears to have had no close relationships with women except for his friendship with Isabella d' Este .
By the 1490s Leonardo had already been described as a Divine painter .
These paintings are famous for a variety of qualities which have been much imitated by students and discussed at great length by connoisseurs and critics .
Unfortunately two of the three were never finished and the third took so long that it was subject to lengthy negotiations over completion and payment .
Although the painting is barely begun the composition can be seen and it is very unusual .
The other remarkable feature is the sketchy landscape of craggy rocks against which the figure is silhouetted .
It is a very complex composition about .
But in 1482 Leonardo went off to Milan at the behest of Lorenzo de ' Medici in order to win favor with Ludovico il Moro and the painting was abandoned .
The third important work of this period is the Virgin of the Rocks which was commissioned in Milan for the Confraternity of the Immaculate Conception .
The painting demonstrates an eerie beauty as the graceful figures kneel in adoration around the infant Christ in a wild landscape of tumbling rock and whirling water .
The painting represents the last meal shared by Jesus with his disciples before his capture and death .
It shows specifically the moment when Jesus has said one of you will betray me .
Leonardo tells the story of the consternation that this statement caused to the twelve followers of Jesus .
The perfect state of preservation and the fact that there is no sign of repair or overpainting is extremely rare in a panel painting of this date .
What makes this painting unusual is that there are two obliquely set figures superimposed .
The trends in composition were adopted in particular by the Venetian painters Tintoretto and Veronese .
Vasari relates that if Leonardo saw a person with an interesting face he would follow them around all day observing them .
It is a feature of many Classical Greek statues .
These faces are often contrasted with that of a warrior .
Leonardo is known to have designed sets for pageants with which these may be associated .
A marked development in Leonardo 's ability to draw drapery occurred in his early works .
With dispassionate integrity Leonardo has registered in neat mirror writing the colors of the robes that Baroncelli was wearing when he died .
The Codex Leicester is the only major scientific work of Leonardo 's in private hands .
Leonardo 's journals appear to have been intended for publication because many of the sheets have a form and order that would facilitate this .
This method of organization minimises of loss of data in the case of pages being mixed up or destroyed .
Why they were not published within Leonardo 's lifetime is unknown .
It appears that from the content of his journals he was planning a series of treatises to be published on a variety of subjects .
A coherent treatise on anatomy was said to have been observed during a visit by Cardinal Louis D'Aragon 's secretary in 1517 .
From 1510 to 1511 he collaborated in his studies with the doctor Marcantonio della Torre and together they prepared a theoretical work on anatomy for which Leonardo made more than 200 drawings .
He made one of the first scientific drawings of a fetus in utero .
He also drew many figures who had significant facial deformities or signs of illness .
He also made a number of studies of horses .
During his lifetime Leonardo was valued as an engineer .
In a letter to Ludovico il Moro he claimed to be able to create all sorts of machines both for the protection of a city and for siege .
When he fled to Venice in 1499 he found employment as an engineer and devised a system of moveable barricades to protect the city from attack .
He also had a scheme for diverting the flow of the Arno River in order to flood Pisa .
The bridge was intended to span an inlet at the mouth of the Bosporus known as the Golden Horn .
Leonardo 's vision was resurrected in 2001 when a smaller bridge based on his design was constructed in Norway .
The interest in Leonardo has never slackened .
A reprint of the original 1883 edition .
The true face of Leonardo Da Vinci ?
Leonardo 's most famous pictures include The Last Supper and the Mona Lisa .
Leonardo da Vinci developed a new painting style .
Artists of his time usually used a white to paint pictures .
Yet he used a dark background .
Leonardo da Vinci was one of the Masters of the High Renaissance .
He was so interested in realistic painting that he dissected a human body to see how the body worked .
The book sold next to the Bible which is the most sold book in history .
Leonardo 's parents were not married .
She may have been a slave from the Middle East .
Leonardo spent his first five years living in a farm house with his mother .
He remebered that when he was lying outside in his cradle a large bird flew from the sky and hovered over him .
Its tail feathers brushed his face .
Leonardo 's other important memory was how he found a cave while exploring in the mountains .
He was terrified that some great monster might be hiding there .
But he was also very excited and curious to find out what was inside .
Leonardo started painting while he was still a boy .
Vasari wrote about Leonardo 's life shortly after his deat .
He tells many interesting stories about how clever Leonardo was .
He says that Leonardo painted a round wooden plaque with a picture of snakes spitting fire .
Sir Piero took his son 's painting to Florence and sold it to an art dealer .
Verrocchio had a big workshop that was one of the busiest in Florence .
Little is known about Leonardo 's early life .
The second occurred while exploring in the mountains .
Leonardo 's early life has been the subject of historical conjecture .
Messer Piero took his son 's painting to Florence and sold it to an art dealer .
Leonardo was not the only young painter at Verrocchio 's workshop .
These artists were all just a few years older than Leonardo .
Vasari tells an interesting story from this time of Leonardo 's life .
Verrocchio was painting a large picture of the Baptism of Christ .
He gave Leonardo the job of painting one of the angels holding Jesus ' robe on the left side of the picture .
Vasari said that Leonardo painted the angel so beautifully that Verrocchio put down his brush and never painted again .
Verrocchio made a bronze statue of David at this time .
It is believed that he used Leonardo as his Model .
Leonardo 's earliest known work is a drawing in pen and ink of the Arno valley .
Very little is known about Leonardo 's life and work between 1472 and 1481 .
He was probably busy in Florence .
In 1478 he had an important commissioned to paint an altarpiece in 1478 for the Monks of San Donato a Scopeto .
The painting was to be the Adoration of the Magi .
The painting was never finished because Leonardo was sent away to Milan .
Sir Piero took his son 's painting to Florence and sold it to an art dealer .
Much of the painted production of Verrocchio 's workshop was done by his employees .
This is probably an exaggeration .
He was commissioned to paint an altarpiece in 1478 for the Chapel of St Bernard and The Adoration of the Magi in 1481 for the Monks of San Donato a Scopeto .
This important commission was interrupted when Leonardo went to Milan .
Leonardo stayed in Milan and worked for the Duke between 1482 and 1499 .
Part of his work was to design festivals and pageants .
Leonardo started with the horse .
It was called the Gran Cavallo .
It was going to be cast in bronze .
It was going to be the biggest bronze horse that had been made for more than a thousand years .
The huge clay horse was still standing when the French army invaded again in 1499 .
This time it was used for target practice and was completely destroyed .
One was to do an oil painting to go in a big altarpiece for the Confraternity of the Immaculate Conception .
Leonardo did the painting twice .
The paintings are both called the Virgin of the Rocks .
They show a scene of the Virgin Mary and the child Jesus in a rocky mysterious landscape .
Mary and Jesus are meeting with John the Baptist .
In this picture John is praying and the baby Jesus raise his had to bless John .
The paintings have a strange eerie light with soft deep shadows .
In the background is a lake and mountains in the mist .
No painting like this had ever been done before .
Leonardo 's other important painting in Milan is even more famous .
It is the Last Supper .
Leonardo continued work in Milan between 1482 and 1499 .
While living in Milan between 1493 and 1495 Leonardo listed a woman called Caterina among his dependents in his taxation documents .
Seventy tons of bronze were set aside for casting it .
In 1492 the clay model of the horse was completed .
In November 1494 Ludovico gave the bronze to be used for cannons to defend the city from invasion by Charles VIII .
Part of his work was to design festivals and processions .
They went to Venice .
Leonardo worked as a military architect and engineer .
Leonardo started work on a new painting .
He drew a large cartoon .
Mary holds the baby Jesus in her arms .
Jesus stretches out his hands to his young cousin John the Baptist .
Late in 1503 Leonardo returned to Florence .
He rejoined the Guild of St Luke .
He was given a very important commission .
Michelangelo was to paint the Battle of Cascina .
Leonardo began the project by studying and drawing the faces of angry men and fighting horses .
These drawings can still be seen in his notebooks .
The paint would not dry .
D'Oggione made several copies of the Last Supper .
Luini made a copy of the Virgin of the Rocks .
Part of his work was to design festivals and pageants .
In 1506 he returned to Milan .
D'Oggione is known in part for his contemporary copies of the Last Supper .
In September 1513 Leonardo went to Rome and lived there until 1516 .
He lived in the Vatican .
He was not friendly to either Leonardo or Raphael .
Raphael was a very clever young painter who learned a lot by looking at the pictures painted by Leonardo and Michelangelo .
But neither of them was ever his teacher .
Leonardo went to the meeting with Pope Leo .
Leonardo made an amazing toy to entertain King Francis .
Lilies were the royal symbol of the French Kings .
King Francis had become a close friend .
Vasari says that the King held Leonardo 's head in his arms as he died .
He was buried in the Chapel of the castle of Amboise .
Leonardo 's serving woman who received a black cloak with a fur edge .
Francis I had become a close friend .
Leonardo did not paint very many pictures .
Some of Leonardo 's drawings are studies for paintings .
In these drawings Leonardo planned the things he was going to paint .
Some studies are plans for whole paintings .
Many of the studies show details that Leonardo wanted to get just right .
One study shows a very detailed perspective drawing of the ruined buildings in the background of the painting of the Magi .
Leonardo studied things all his life .
He did n't go to university to study .
He studied by looking at things in the world around him .
He looked at things to see how they were made and how they worked .
Many of his notebooks are now in museums .
Many of these are scientific studies .
It is likely that Leonardo planned to publish the studies in his notebooks .
There is a page with drawings and writing about the human heart and a page about the womb and the fetus .
One page shows drawings of the muscles of a shoulder and another drawing shows how an arm works .
The notebooks were not published in Leonardo 's lifetime .
Leonardo 's journals appear to have been intended for publication because many of the sheets have a form and order that would facilitate this .
This method of organization minimises of loss of data in the case of pages being mixed up or destroyed .
Why they were not published within Leonardo 's lifetime is unknown .
None of these things were ever made in Leonardo 's lifetime .
In 1478 he had an important commissioned to paint an altarpiece in 1478 for the Monks of San Donato a Scopeto .
Late in 1503 Leonardo returned to Florence .
None of these things was ever made in Leonardo 's lifetime .
Minerals have four characteristics .
Minerals have four types .
THE POPE SMOKES DOPE !
The current pope was previously named Joseph Ratzinger .
The current pope is really named Joseph Ratzinger .
In recent years the waining popularity of the Catholic church has led to aggressive marketing campaigns directed at third world markets such as the sale of Pope brand prayer based prophylactics .
Everyone is told the new name when the Habemus Papam is read out .
The current pope was called Joseph Ratzinger .
The current pope was previously named Joseph Ratzinger .
Very few of the Pope 's statements have been ex cathedra in recent times .
John Paul II was the first Pope to do this .
This is the mouse that we commonly use todays .
That is a mouse that we commonly use todays .
Some large cities like New York City have more than one airport .
Some large cities like New York City have more than one airports .
The first airplane was invented by the Wright Brothers in 1903 .
The first airplane was invented by Wright Brothers in 1903 .
An experimental airplane was built by John Stringfellow in 1848 .
Clothing are items which cover the body .
Clothing refers to items which cover the body .
We normally drink it hot .
It comes from the coffee plant .
Then we put water through the coffee .
The water gets flavor from running through the coffee grounds .
Higher quality Robustas are in some espresso blends .
In the past people gave names to new Arabica coffees from the port they came from .
The two oldest Arabica coffees are Mocha and Java .
The roasting process is very important to make a good cup of coffee .
We can not often taste where the bean comes from .
We often grind coffee less finely to stop it going through the coffee filter .
It is usually served hot .
It is made from the coffee plant .
Beans from the plant are roasted .
Roasting gives coffee its flavor .
The beans are then ground .
Then water is run through the coffee .
The water gains flavor from being run through the coffee grounds .
Some sorts of coffee taste better if the beans are aged .
This aging gives the coffee a less acidic taste .
Coffee that has been aged is often mixed or blended with other coffee that is not aged .
Roasting is one of the important stages in making coffee beans into coffee .
The length of time that the coffee beans are roasted makes the coffee taste different .
Green coffee beans can be bought and roasted at home in the oven .
The coffee mill breaks the beans into very small pieces .
Coffee is turned into a drink in several different ways .
Finely ground coffee makes a stronger taste .
Coffee is made into a drink by putting the coffee into boiling water .
This is called brewing coffee .
This way of making coffee has been used for hundreds of years .
This type of coffee is called Espresso and the machine is called an Espresso machine or Coffee system .
Espresso machines are often found in cafes and restaurants .
Espresso is a very strong coffee that can be used to make other coffee drinks .
The satchell is placed in the cup and water poured over it .
Then the satchell is removed .
It is often sweet .
It is often called a short black .
Cappuccino coffee sometimes has cocoa sprinkled on top .
Flat white is made like a cappuccino but with a very thin layer of foam .
They are made to keep babys happy while their mothers are drinking coffee .
Instant coffee is a very quick way to make a cup of coffee to drink .
It is made in a factory and sold in jars or packets .
First strong coffee is made using ground coffee and boiling water .
Then the coffee grounds are filtered out .
This is the put into jars or packets .
People in Finland drink the most coffee for each person .
Caffeine is a mild stimulant which helps to keep people awake .
Some studies have looked at the health risks of coffee .
The roasting process is very important to make a good cup of coffee .
We often grind coffee less finely to stop it going through the filter .
Brewing is put hot water and mixing it with the coffee .
People use espresso to make other coffee drinks .
This is how filter coffee .
There are special machines that use bags or pads of coffee .
Each pad has one serving of coffee in it .
These machines are usually called Coffee system in English .
They usually use pressure to make the coffee .
It is often sweet .
The powder or granules are added to water to make coffee to drink .
People in Finland drink the most coffee .
Caffeine is a mild metabolic stimulant often used to reduce fatigue .
The study suggested that between four and seven cups would not significantly alter stillbirth rates .
Hyenas look like dogs .
Paul McCartney was knighted in 1997 .
They made thirteen albums and many films .
They made thirteen albums and a lot of films .
The Beatles were a popular band in the 1960s .
They changed dramatically in 1967 with the release of Sargent Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .
They went through a dramatic change in 1967 with the release of Sargent Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .
The Beatles were an influential band in the 1960s .
The Beatles were an influential band in the 1950s and 1960s .
They changed dramatically in 1967 with the release of Sargent Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .
The Beatles were an highly influential rock and pop band in the 1960s .
This was the first of a record 15 British number 1 singles .
The Beatles were so popular they were mobbed by screaming fans everywhere they went around the world .
Almost all of their music was recorded at Abbey Road Studios in London .
The Beatles were an influential band in the 1960s .
They first came to the United States in 1964 .
This is reflected in two Beatles compilations made after the end of the band .
Almost all of their music was recorded at Abbey Road Studios .
The Beatles made their first live American television appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show on 9 February 1964 .
So many British bands became popular following the Beatles success this period became known in America as the British Invasion .
The Beatles became so popular that no regular concert venue was big enough for their concerts .
This led to them playing the first ever stadium rock concert at Shea Stadium in America to around 50 000 people .
The Beatles stopped touring and playing live music in 1965 because they were sick of audiences screaming so loudly that their music could n't be heard .
They were also sick of the pressures of touring .
The Beatles broke up in 1970 due to the pressures of fame and each member becoming more independent both in their personal lives and musically .
George Harrison and Ringo Starr had early success as solo artists but were less successful later on .
Ringo still tours the world with his All Starr Band .
Part of Central Park in New York and an airport in London are named in his honor .
The other three Beatles got together in the 1990s to make two new records .
The Beatles have had number 1 records in England and America in every decade since the 60s .
George Martin produced most of their recordings .
All four members started their own solo careers .
The songs were Free As A Bird and Real Love .
So many British bands became popular following the Beatles ' success that this period became known in America as the British Invasion .
The Beatles have had number 1 records in England and America in every decade since the 1960s .
So many British bands became popular following the Beatles success this period became known in America as the British Invasion .
This led to them playing the first ever stadium rock concert at Shea Stadium in America to around 50 000 people .
The Beatles have had number 1 records in England and America in every decade since the 60s .
The Beatles were a highly influential rock and pop band in the 1960s .
The Beatles were an highly influential rock and pop band in the 1960s .
The Beatles were a very popular rock and pop band in the 1960s .
The Beatles were so popular they were attacked by screaming fans everywhere they went around the world .
The Beatles were a highly influential rock and pop band in the 1960s .
The Beatles were so popular they were mobbed by screaming fans everywhere they went around the world .
All together people from 233 countries live in Melbourne and people with 116 different religions .
All together people from 233 countries live in Melborne and people with 116 different religions .
Canberra has a size nearly as big as Berlin but the number of people who live there is much smaller .
Canberra has a size nearly as big as Berlin but the number of inhabitants is much smaller .
First Melbourne was elected the capital but in 1908 there was a vote .
The greenhouse effect is a way that the sun 's rays make the planet warmer .
The greenhouse effect that warms the planet is not the same effect that warms a greenhouse or makes the inside of a car hot .
Scientists think that weather has been especially warm the last few years .
This warming is probably caused by the things that human beings are doing .
The greenhouse effect was first discovered by Joseph Fourier in 1824 .
The greenhouse effect is a way that the sun 's rays make something warmer .
A greenhouse is a glass or plastic building where people raise plants .
The rays of the sun shine into the greenhouse and become warmth .
The glass or plastic holds the warmth inside the greenhouse .
We can also see the greenhouse effect when the sun makes the inside of a car hot .
The greenhouse effect occurs when certain gasses in the atmosphere trap infrared radiation .
This effect makes the planet warmer than it would be without a greenhouse effect .
The greenhouse effect is a way that the sun 's rays make the planet warmer .
The greenhouse effect that warms the planet is not the same effect that warms a greenhouse .
Many people are very interested in the greenhouse effect in the atmosphere of the Earth .
Radiation is a process in physics where particles or energy are emitted from something .
Radiation can be produced by many different things .
Some radiation can go through the human body and other objects .
Radiation is a kind of energy .
Radiation is produced by nuclear reactions .
Radiation can go through the human body and many objects .
The base of these ideas comes from the works of Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels .
The base of these ideas come from the works of Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels .
A hacker is a confusing person that uses drugs who likes to do new things with computers .
A hacker is a person who likes to do new things with computers .
This meaning of the word hacker is usually a .
Most people say communism when they mean the Marxist and Leninist ideas of Russia 's Bolshevik party .
Most socialist people say that socialism is the period of working towards Communism .
Most socialist people say that socialism is the period of working towards Communism .
Most people say communism when they mean the Marxist and Leninist ideas of Russia 's Bolshevik party .
Socialists often disagree with each other on what type of socialism to implement .
Saddam Hussein1 was the President of Iraq from 1979 to 2003 .
He gave some of his political power to Saddam .
Saddam controlled conflict between government departments and the army at a time when many people were able to take over the government .
Iraq 's economy grew fast in the 1970s .
Saddam became President for real in 1979 .
His name is sometimes also spelled Husayn or Hussain .
It was also a secular party .
He gave some political power to Saddam .
Saddam controlled conflict between government departments and the army at a time when many organizations were thought able to overthrow the government .
Iraq 's economy grew at a rapid pace in the 1970s .
Saddam formally became President in 1979 .
She attempted both to kill Saddam and herself and refused to care for her new child when he was born .
In many Arab countries he is usually called Saddam Hussein or Saddam .
Some people have argued that calling him only Saddam may be rude and academically out of place .
It is common for Arab men to add the name of the town or village they are from to their name .
In many Arab countries he is most commonly referred to as Saddam Hussein or Saddam .
Some observers have argued that referring to the man as only Saddam may be derogatory and academically inappropriate .
It is common for Arab men to add the name of their town or village onto their name .
Cooperation between the United States and the Soviet Union made possible the passage of resolutions in the United Nations Security Council and gave Iraq a deadline to leave Kuwait .
Bush responded cautiously for the first several days .
Britain profited heavily from billions of dollars of Kuwaiti investments and bank deposits .
Cooperation between the United States and the Soviet Union made possible the passage of resolutions in the United Nations Security Council giving Iraq a deadline to leave Kuwait and approving the use of force if Saddam did not comply with the timetable .
UN trade sanctions would remain in effect until Iraq complied with all terms .
This was a problem to Saddam 's rule .
Saddam survived these problems that happened right after the war .
He was then left completely in control of Iraq .
This made Saddam popular in many parts of the Arab world .
Saddam liked to show himself has a strict Muslim .
This was to calm down the religious parts of the society .
Some parts of the Sharia law were brought back .
Saddam routinely cited his survival as proof that Iraq had in fact won the war against America .
This message earned Saddam a great deal of popularity in many sectors of the Arab world .
Saddam Hussein was hanged on December 30 2006 .
The DNA tests came back and showed that he really was Saddam Hussein .
His first marriage was to his first cousin Sajida Talfah .
Some people from the Governing Council talked with Saddam after the soldiers found him .
There apparently have been no political issues from these latter two marriages .
Later pictures of Saddam dead were shown on many internet sites .
Instead of hierarchy these movements want relations based on voluntary cooperation and help between people .
This should lead to society where every person has a say in outcomes just a much as a person is affected by it .
These philosophies use anarchy to mean a society based on voluntary cooperation of free persons .
There are also considerable differences between the anarchist political philosophies .
It is based on the belief that society to function properly does not need a state .
UNIX is a computer operating system .
It was developed during the late 1960s at Bell Labs .
The system is a multiuser and multiprocessing system .
Many ideas that were in UNIX were new .
Other operating systems copied them .
Therefore Linux is not a UNIX operating system .
Most of them have a personal area where they can put things .
The X Window System is only a shell of a graphical interface .
It is made of many protocols .
This system is a multiuser and multiprocessing system .
The administrator of a UNIX system is called the superuser and uses the root account .
Superusers can access and write to all files on the system .
The X Window System is only a shell of a graphical interface and mainly a protocol .
Chocolate was introduced to Europe by the Spaniards and became a popular beverage by 1700 .
They also introduced the cacao tree into the West Indies and the Philippines .
Uses of cocoa are numerous .
Many cocoa farmers receive a low price for their produce .
Most people will know Cocoa as a ground powder they use to produce Hot chocolate .
Hot chocolate is a dribk wich has similar effects as coffee .
Most people will know Cocoa as a ground powder they use to produce the Cacao drink .
Most people will know Cocoa as a ground powder they use to produce Chocolate .
Hot chocolate is a drink wich has similar effects as coffee .
Usually they make the drink by adding hot milk and sugar to the powder .
Most people will know Cocoa as a ground powder they use to produce Hot chocolate .
Hot chocolate is a dribk wich has similar effects as coffee .
Usually they do this by adding hot milk and sugar to the powder .
Chocolate and cocoa are made from the beans of the cacao tree .
The tree which apparently comes from the foothills of the Andes in the Amazon and Orinoco basins of South America .
Cocoa butter is thwn used to produce chocolate .
Most people will know Cocoa as a ground powder they use to produce chocolate .
Cocoa butter is thwn used to produce Chocolate .
Most people will know Cocoa as a ground powder they use to produce Chocolate .
Many cocoa farmers get a low price for their products .
Many cocoa farmers receive a low price for their produce .
Hot chocolate is a drink which has similar effects to coffee .
Hot chocolate is a drink which has similar effects as coffee .
The tree might have first come from the foothills of the Andes Mountains near the Amazon River and the Orinoco River in South America .
The tree which apparently comes from the foothills of the Andes in the Amazon and Orinoco basins of South America .
Chocolate was brought to Europe by the Spaniards and became a popular drink by 1700 .
They also brought the cacao tree to the West Indies and the Philippines .
Chocolate was introduced to Europe by the Spaniards and became a popular beverage by 1700 .
They also introduced the cacao tree into the West Indies and the Philippines .
People who live there speak French .
It used to be called the Ivory Coast .
From the 1960s to mid 1980s Cote d'Ivoire was managed well by the government .
There was one president for this time .
Since the mid 1980s the country became hard to live in .
The cost of coffee and cocoa went down so people could not make as much money .
The first president died .
There was a civil war .
From the 1960s to mid 1980s Cote d'Ivoire was Africa 's shining example of good government under the same president .
In this match McCormick set a new club record of seven clean sheets in a row .
This match was one where McCormick set a new club record of seven clean sheets in a row .
Libertarianism is an idea about ethics .
It also leads libertarians to want to limit government power as much as possible .
Libertarians are people who believe in libertarianism .
Libertarianism grew out of liberalism as a movement in the 1800s .
It also has roots in individualist anarchism and the Austrian School of economics .
Libertarians believe that no person can justly own or control the body of another person .
Why not ?
Abolitionists were people who wanted to end slavery right away .
Garrison and Douglass both called slave masters man stealers .
Most libertarians reject this view .
But you must not use too much force .
But killing the thief goes too far .
That is too much force because it is not equal and opposing force .
Punishment must be equal to the crime .
Some libertarians believe that it is your moral duty to defend yourself and your property if you can .
This belief is usually held by Objectivists .
These people belive that pacifism is immoral .
Most libertarians reject this view .
Ownership is the right to control something .
This is called the homestead principle .
Libertarians also say that you can also become a legitimate owner by receiving something as a gift or through trade .
But you do not become a legitimate owner by stealing .
You also do not become a legitimate owner by simply saying you owe something .
The only legitimate laws are laws that say a person may not start violence against other people or their legitimate property .
It is the drug user 's own choice because it is the drug user 's own body .
There are two basic types of libertarians .
All libertarians fall into one of these two broad types .
Minarchists are libertarians who believe that society should have a state with very limited power .
They typically believe that the only things the state should have are police and judges to make sure that people obey the laws .
Some also believe in having a military to make sure that no one attacks the country .
Some minarchists believe in having a small amount of taxation .
Two famous minarchist libertarians are Robert Nozick and Ayn Rand .
Nozick believed that the only legitimate thing a state can do is have a police force .
Libertarian anarchists do not believe the state is needed .
They believe that people can organise their own lives and businesses .
They also want to end all forced taxation .
They also say that state judges can be replaced with private arbitrarion .
All libertarians fall under one of the two types of libertarians listed above .
Libertarian constitutionalists are minarchists who believe that the only legitimate things a state can do are those things that have been approved in a constitution .
Libertarian constitutionalists include Ron Paul .
Objectivists are minarchists who believe many things .
They believe in atheism .
They believe that humans are able to know things .
They believe reason is the only path to truth .
And they believe that what they call capitalism is the only ethical system of government .
Objectivists include Ayn Rand .
Autarchism is another word for libertarian anarchism .
Robert LeFevre used this word to describe himself .
Geolibertarians are a type of minarchist .
This is often called the single tax .
Voluntaryism is another term for libertarian anarchism .
Voluntaryists believe that only voluntary actions are legitimate .
This means that all government force is illegitimate .
The first libertarian to call himself a voluntaryist was Auberon Herbert .
Libertarianism is an idea about government .
A libertarian is someone who thinks is allowed only for self defense .
Libertarians believe no one has the right to start violence against other people or take other people 's things .
This is supposed to be used to help the people .
Minarchists believe government should only have police and judges to make sure people obey laws and an army to make sure no one attacks the country .
They think people can organize their own lives and businesses .
Libertarians think everyone can decide what is good or bad for their own body .
It is the drug user 's own choice .
The Eastern Orthodox Churches practice a religion similar to the Catholic Church commonly referred to as the Roman Catholic Church .
Jesus Christ is established the Catholic Church and his love is the primary example for Catholics to live in their daily life .
Jesus Christ is considered to be the head of the Roman Catholic Church .
Jesus Christ established the Catholic Church .
Jesus Christ is established the Catholic Church and his love is the primary example for Catholics to live in their daily life .
The leader of the Roman Catholic church is called the Pope .
Blitzkrieg is a German word which means lightning war .
These are often captured with little fighting .
Often the slower units might not be ready to fight when they are captured .
These are often captured with little actual fighting .
All life on Earth is made from it .
Carbon forms a very large number of organic compounds because it can form strong bonds with itself and with other elements .
Many carbon atoms linked together with hydrogen atoms form plastic .
Diamonds are the hardest natural mineral .
Carbon is in many places in the universe .
Carbon is also in some meteorites .
All life on Earth is made from carbon .
Many carbon atoms linked together with hydrogen form plastic .
The carbons make rings .
The rings are on top of each other .
They slide very easily .
Diamonds are very hard .
They are the hardest natural mineral .
Carbon is everywhere .
Carbon in soft iron makes hard steel .
It is also in some meteorites .
Also the languages do n't have to been a written language to be an official language .
Many cities and towns have thousands of row houses because they are a good way to build lots of houses close together .
Many cities and towns have thousands of row houses because they were a good way to build lots of houses close together .
A Constellation is a group of stars .
People began to make constellations to help to remember which and how stars were located .
Twelve constellations make the Zodiac where the Sun seems to rotate in a year .
Constellation is a group of stars .
People began to make constellation to help to remember which and how stars were located .
This set is based on Greek set and later some southern constellations were added .
Twelve constellations make Zodiac where the sun seems to rotate in a year .
A constellation is a group of stars .
People began to make constellations to help to remember where stars were located .
There are twelve constellations in the Zodiac .
The Sun travels through the Zodiac once each year .
A Constellation is a group of stars .
People began to make constellations to help to remember which and how stars were located .
Twelve constellations make the Zodiac where the Sun seems to rotate in a year .
In many religions ' Hell ' is a place where souls of dead people go after their life ends .
A god Hades governs Hell .
In Christianity Hell is a bad place where souls of people who do not worship Jesus go and wait for the Last Judgement .
An Italian poet Dante wrote in his Divine Comedy his visit to Hell with Vergilius Maro .
They entered into Hell from a hole in Jerusalem which was believed to be a center of the world in the medieval time .
In many religions ' Hell ' is a place where souls of deads go after their life end .
A god Hades governs the Hell .
In Christianity the Hell is a bad place where souls of people who do not worship Jesus go and wait the Last Judgement .
A Italian poet Dante wrote in his Divine Comedy his visit to the Hell with Vergilius Maro .
They entered into the Hell from a hole in Jerusalem which was believed as a center of the world in the medieval time .
In many religions Hell is a place where souls of dead people go after their life ends .
Read testimonials from students .
In Kant 's time it was the second largest city in the kingdom of Prussia .
He was made the second librarian of the Royal Library in 1766 .
He began to try finding a third way other than the two that Kant called skepticism and dogmaticism .
He was appointed to a position as the second librarian of the Royal Library in 1766 .
The Greek oldest two epics Iliad and Odysseia have been usually considered his works during thousands years .
Both works were made in hexameter and in Ionian accent of early days ' Greek which was spoken in the Greek region of Ionia in Asia Minor .
Most of scholars think both works were n't written down in early days but recited by mouth .
Even today people think those works as masterpieces in the world literature .
It was the late 18th century that argument arose on if he was really living or not .
The Greek oldest two epics Iliad and Odysseia have been traditionally considered his works .
Both epics were made in hexameter and in Ionian accent of ancient Greek which was spoken in the Greek region of Ionia in Asia Minor .
Most ouf scholars think both works were n't written down in early days but recited by mouth .
Those two epics gave not only influence to the ancient people but also the modern people .
Even today they are considered masterpieces in the world literature .
Besides those two epics some epics and poems have once considered as Homer 's works but today scholars think most of those works were written by others ' hands .
It was the late 18th century that argument arose on his real existence .
Homer is the name of the Greek poet who wrote the epic poems The Iliad and The Odyssey .
Some people think it was really a group of people who made those poems .
Other people think Homer was really a woman .
It is thought that he lived around 800 BC .
The Greek oldest two epics Iliad and Odysseia have been usually considered his works during thousands years .
Both works were made in hexameter and in Ionian accent of early days ' Greek which was spoken in the Greek region of Ionia in Asia Minor .
Most of scholars think both works were n't written down in early days but recited by mouth .
Even today people think those works as masterpieces in the world literature .
Without some exception the ancient Greeks thought that Homer had been a real existing person .
The medieval and renaissance people believed so .
It was the late 18th century that argument arose on if he was really living or not .
This article is about the well known poet of Ancient Greece .
Other people think that Homer was really a woman .
This article is about the legendary poet of Ancient Greece .
Other people think Homer was really a woman .
Whipping a prostitute .
He died in the asylum in 1814 at the age of 74 .
In prison he started to read about philosophy .
An ordinal number is defined as the order type of a well ordered set .
Every finite totally ordered set is well ordered .
Luther died in 1546 .
After Luther studied philosophy at the University of Erfurt .
In 1505 he entered into the Augustinian Order as a monk .
Luther studied and ancient languages in Erfurt .
Luther called them The Disputation of Doctor Martin Luther on the Power and Efficacy of Indulgences .
Luther studied theology and ancient languages in Erfurt .
He is credited with starting the Protestant Reformation .
He was one of greatest figures in the Reformation .
In October 1517 Luther wrote his 95 Theses .
This means that faith is the only way that people can get salvation from God .
In 1505 he entered into the Augustinian Order as a monk .
This means the idea that only faith can bring humans to the salvation that God gives from his mercy .
For Luther it was the last chance to say he had been wrong .
First he wrote the New Testament in German instead of the original Greek .
The performancers use masks and dance slowly .
He introduces us into the world in the drama .
Kyogen appears midst of the drama if the drama has two parts and plays a roll of the local citizen .
He talks to Waki and make Waki notice what he has n't noticed before their talk .
The performancers use distinvtive masks and dance slowly .
Traditionally all Noh players are male .
He introduce us into the world in the drama .
Kyogen appears midst of the drama if the drama has two parts and plays a roll of a local inhabitant .
He talks to Waki the local story and make Wake notice what he has n't noticed before their talk .
The performers use masks and dance slowly .
The performancers use masks and dance slowly .
A manga is a Japanese comic book .
Manga is usually read from right to left .
Colors and symbols are important .
Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels were infuenced by those theories .
They thought that the people would be more productive if they owned a part of the company they worked for .
Karl Marxand Friedrich Engelswere infuenced by those theories .
Thought that the people would be more productive if they owned a part of the company they worked for .
Liberalism is a way of thinking about politics and government .
This means that governments must protect people and their property .
Many liberals believe in natural law .
Liberals believe in natural law because they think it is the right way for humans to treat each other .
Some liberals are economists instead .
They do not try to find the right way for people to treat each other .
They say that everyone does better if people do not hurt each other and people do not break each other 's personal belongings or property .
Those names usually are John Stuart Mill and Jeremy Bentham for the 19th century .
Isaiah Berlin for the 20th century .
They thought that the people would be more productive if they owned a part of the company they worked for .
This was called Socialism .
Liberalism does not mean the same in Europe and the United States .
In Europe liberals are right wing .
They are more conservative and think economic freedom is more important than personal freedom .
In the United States it 's the opposite .
People who are liberals in America would probably be called social democrats in Europe .
But sometimes social democracy in Europe limits economic freedom more than most American liberals would support .
Libertarians are often called liberals in Europe and the United States .
Libertarians think people should have much personal and much economic freedom .
Some liberals can be called anarchists .
They think that governments should not exist because they are too dangerous to personal freedom and free markets .
It is itself the highest political end .
It is widely associated with the word liberty and the concept of freedom .
Livy 's History of Rome from Its Foundation describes the struggles for freedom between the plebeian and patrician classes .
John Locke in England and the thinkers of the French Enlightenment articulated the struggle for freedom in terms of the Rights of Man .
Cited in the Oxford English Dictionary .
The more moderate bourgeois elements of the French Revolution tried to establish a government based on liberal principles .
Magna Carta is an example of a political document that asserted the rights of individuals even above the prerogatives of monarchs .
It is based on the belief that individuals know best what is best for them .
Political liberalism emphasizes the rule of law and supports liberal democracy .
Most liberals oppose some or all government intervention in these areas .
Economic liberals want little or no government regulation of the market .
This form of liberalism is especially influenced by English liberalism of the mid 19th century .
The struggle between economic freedom and social equality is almost as old as the idea of freedom itself .
They see a limited role for government .
This largely abandons the idea of limited government .
Conservative parties often favor economic liberalism while opposing social and cultural liberalism .
Liberalism is so widespread in the modern world that most Western nations at least pay lip service to individual liberty as the basis for society .
In the 20th century liberalism defined itself in opposition to totalitarianism and collectivism .
Liberalism favors the limitation of government power .
The website of the Molinari Institute labels this form as Market Anarchism .
The focus on liberty as an essential right of people within the polity has been repeatedly asserted throughout history .
Mentioned above are the conflicts between the plebeians and patricians in ancient Rome and the struggles of Italian city states against the Papal States .
The definitive break with the past was the conception that free individuals could form the foundation for a stable society .
His natural rights theory was the distant forerunner of the modern conception of human rights .
He rooted this in the nature of the individual and asserted that each person knows their own interest best .
The physiocrats in France had proposed studying systematically political economy and the self organizing nature of markets .
Benjamin Franklin wrote in favor of the freedom of American industry in 1750 .
Immanuel Kant was strongly influenced by Hume 's empiricism and rationalism .
This meshed well with the ideas of the English Enlightenment about natural rights .
The republican ideas of Radicals influenced these two late 18th century revolutions which became the examples which later revolutionary liberals followed .
They rejected both tradition and established power .
Jefferson replaced Locke 's word property by the pursuit of happiness .
The American Experiment would be in favor of democratic government and individual liberty .
The goal was to insure liberty by preventing the concentration of power in the hands of any one man .
These revolutionaries were more vehement and less compromising than those in America .
A key moment in the French Revolution was the declaration by the representatives of the Third Estate that they were the National Assembly and had the right to speak for the French people .
The examples of United States and France were followed in many other countries .
At the same time many French liberals too were victim of the Jacobin terror .
The American Revolution and the French Revolution would add democracy to the list of values which liberal thought promoted .
The contractual nature of liberal thought to this point must be stressed .
One of the basic ideas of the first wave of thinkers in the liberal tradition was that individuals made agreements and owned property .
This view was further advanced by Rousseau with his notion of a social contract .
The strongest examples of this are Germany and Italy .
Later Piero Gobetti would formulate a theory of Liberal Revolution to explain what he felt was the radical element in liberal ideology .
Material and scientific progress led to greater longevity and a reduced mortality rate .
The population increased dramatically .
A rapid increase in literacy and the spread of knowledge led to social activism in a variety of forms .
Part of the liberals demanded laws against child labor and laws requiring minimum standards of worker safety and a minimum wage .
The German Wilhelm von Humboldt developed the modern concepts of liberalism in his book The Limits of State Action .
He opposed collectivist tendencies while still placing emphasis on quality of life for the individual .
One of Mill 's most important contributions was his utilitarian justification of liberalism .
The coinage liberal democracy suggests a more harmonious marriage between the two principles than actually exists .
The idea of consent suggests democracy .
In some countries the radical tendency is a variant of liberalism that is less doctrinal and more willing to accept democratic reforms than traditional liberals .
In the United Kingdom the Radicals unite with the more traditional liberal Whigs into the Liberal Party .
In the French political literature it is normal to make clear separation between liberalism and radicalism in France .
In Serbia liberalism and radicalism had and have almost nothing in common .
Many liberals were troubled by the political instability and restrictions on liberty that they believed were caused by the growing relative inequality of wealth .
Modern liberals rejected both radical capitalism and the revolutionary elements of the socialist school .
These governments often justified such absolutism by arguing that the survival of their civilization was at risk .
The rise of totalitarianism became a lens for liberal thought .
This growing body of liberal thought argued that reason requires a government to act as a balancing force in economics .
Other liberal interpretations on the rise of totalitarianism were quite contrary to the growing body of thought on government regulation in supporting the market and capitalism .
He argued that the rise of totalitarian dictatorships was the result of too much government intervention and regulation upon the market which caused loss of political and civil freedoms .
To him the elimination of economic freedom brought about the elimination of political freedom .
Thus Hayek believes the differences between Nazis and communists are only rhetorical .
Friedrich von Hayek and Milton Friedman stated that economic freedom is a necessary condition for the creation and sustainability of civil and political freedoms .
One of the most influential critics of totalitarianism was Karl Popper .
Popper argued that the process of the accumulation of human knowledge is unpredictable and that the theory of ideal government can not possibly exist .
A dissenting strain of thought developed that viewed any government involvement in the economy as a betrayal of liberal principles .
One of the central parts of this argument concerns Kenneth Arrow 's General Possibility Theorem .
One important liberal debate concerns whether people have positive rights as members of communities in addition to being protected from wrongs done by others .
Members of a community have a right to expect that their community will to a certain degree regulate the economy since rising and falling economic circumstances can not be controlled by the individual .
Even liberal institutions could be misused to restrict rather than promote liberty .
The impact of liberalism on the modern world is profound .
Today the word liberalism is used differently in different countries .
One of the greatest contrasts is between the usage in the United States and usage in Continental Europe .
Critics of liberal parties tend to state liberal policies in different terms .
Economic freedom may lead to gross inequality .
The role of the state as promoter of freedom and as protector of its citizens may come into conflict .
Liberalism stresses the importance of representative liberal democracy as the best form of government .
They stress the resolution of differences by peaceful means within the bounds of democratic or lawful processes .
Many liberals seek ways to increase the involvement and participation of citizens in the democratic process .
Some liberals favor direct democracy instead of representative democracy .
The rule of law and equality before the law are fundamental to liberalism .
Government authority may only be legitimately exercised in accordance with laws that are adopted through an established procedure .
Rule of law is seen by liberals as a guard against despotism and as enforcing limitations on the power of government .
Racism is incompatible with liberalism .
Most European liberal parties do not favor employment quotas for women and ethnic minorities as the best way to end gender and racial inequality .
The European liberal consensus appears to involve a belief that economies should be decentralized .
In the United States this neutrality is expressed in the Declaration of Independence as the right to the pursuit of happiness .
Do nations have a right to limit the flow of immigrants from countries with growing populations to countries with stable or declining populations ?
Liberal conservatism is a variant of conservatism which includes some liberal elements .
Liberalism as an international relations theory is not inherently linked to liberalism as a more general domestic political ideology .
See main article Neoliberalism .
Neoliberalism is a label for some economic liberal doctrines .
This is strongly opposed by libertarians .
This adopting of the wolves clothes has led Labour in the UK to spectacular electoral success .
Some conservatives see themselves as the true inheritors of classical liberalism .
Further confusing the classification of liberalism and conservatism is that some conservatives claim liberal values as their own .
Collectivism can be found both to the right and to the left of liberalism .
Some would even say they have much higher unemployment than centrally planned economies .
The fundamental difference between liberalism and social democracy is disagreement over the role of the state in the economy .
Social democracy can be understood to combine features from both social liberalism and democratic socialism .
Democratic socialism seeks to achieve some minimum equality of outcome .
Literature by thinkers contributing to liberal theory is listed at Contributions to liberal theory .
Piero Gobetti La Rivoluzione liberale .
Institute for Liberal Values Commentary and research from a liberal perspective .
Free Enterprise Institute Commentary and activities from a free entreprise perspective .
Liberals Vs Conservatives Non partisan community where both sides of the fence may enter into debate .
Liberal Polis AssociationItalian website about Liberalism .
Cancer can mean a number of different illnesses .
Cancer generally means uncontrolled growth .
Cancer cells go around the body 's normal signals that limit the life and growth of cells .
Cancer is a word applied to a multiple number of illnesses .
Cancer cells bypass the body 's normal signals that limit the life and growth of cells .
This ability to relocate and then continue to grow is called metastisis .
But it can take quite a lot for something to trigger cancer off in your body .
Cancer is a class of diseases or disorders that often has uncontrolled splitting of cells in common .
The difficulty in treating cancer is that most things that kill it also kill normal cells .
Cancer is a class of diseases or disorders that often has uncontrolled division of cells in common .
Some cancers also be caused by viruses .
Some cancers also can be caused by viruses .
Some cancers also be caused by viruses .
There is always progress in discovering treatment and many cancers are treated successfully .
Celsus translated the Greek word carcinos into the Latin cancer .
Cancer also means crab .
Galen used oncos to all tumor .
Hippocrates named many kinds of cancer .
He called benign tumors oncos .
He called malignant tumors carcinos .
This means crab or crayfish in Greek .
Galen used oncos to describe all tumor .
This is the root for the modern word oncology .
Hippocrates described several kinds of cancer .
British surgeon Percivall Pott was the first to find a cause for cancer .
There is always progress in finding treatment .
Many cancers are treated successfully .
She published a comparative study in 1926 of 500 breast cancer cases and 500 control patients of the same background and lifestyle for the British Ministry of Health .
There is always progress in discovering treatment and many cancers are treated successfully .
Cancer is a class of diseases or disorders .
It is when cells begin splitting at an uncontrollable rate .
The body has no control over these reactions .
These cells are able to invade other tissues .
They invade by either growing into them or by implanting themselves into distant sites by metastasis .
Metastasis is the stage in which cancer cells move through the bloodstream or lymphatic system .
Cancer can affect anybody at any age .
People are more likely to get it as they get older .
This is because DNA damage becomes more in older DNA .
An exception is testicular cancer .
It is more common in young men .
Cancer is a leading cause of death .
This is according to the World Health Organization .
Breast cancer begins in the breast .
It can be found in anybody at anytime .
It can also be found in men .
Brain cancer starts in the brain .
Testicular cancer starts in the testicles .
It is most common in young men .
Mesothelioma and lung cancer start in the lungs .
There is no cure for cancer .
Some people can handle cancer better than others .
It can be fatal .
Cancer is a class of diseases or disorders in which cells begin splitting at an uncontrollable rate .
The Greek term carcinoma is a medical term .
It is used for a malignant tumor from epithelial cells .
It is Greek for swelling .
This has given the name carcinoma .
Through the centuries it was discovered that cancer could occur anywhere in the body .
The oldest known description and surgical treatment of cancer was discovered in Egypt .
They were treated by cauterization .
They used a tool called the fire drill .
Another very early surgical treatment for cancer was described in the 1020s .
The Dutch professor Francois de la Boe Sylvius believed that all disease was the outcome of chemical processes .
He believed that acidic lymph fluid was the cause of cancer .
He was a follower of Descartes .
Nicolaes Tulp believed that cancer was a poison that slowly spreads .
He concluded that it was contagious .
He lived at the same time as Sylvius .
The work of other physicians led to various insights .
When physicians started working together they reached better conclusions .
The microscope began to be widely used in the 18th century .
This view of the disease was first made clear by the English surgeon Campbell De Morgan between 1871 and 1874 .
The use of surgery to treat cancer had poor results .
This was due to problems with hygiene .
He had injected bacteria into tumors with mixed results .
They in turn were made up of millions of cells .
The Greek term carcinoma is the medical term used for a malignant tumor from epithelial cells .
This view of the disease was first formulated by the English surgeon Campbell De Morgan between 1871 and 1874 .
The use of surgery to treat cancer had poor results due to problems with hygiene .
This brought complications in communication .
It also brought along the necessity of the patient 's treatment to be done in a hospital rather than at home .
This created a parallel process of compiling patient data into hospital files .
This led to the first statistical patient studies .
She published a comparative study in 1926 .
It was about 500 breast cancer cases and 500 control patients of the same background and lifestyle for the British Ministry of Health .
They published Lung Cancer and Other Causes of Death In Relation to Smoking .
He left to start the Oxford unit for Cancer epidemiology in 1968 .
This data is used to study the interdependence of environmental and cultural factors on cancer incidence .
Cancer patient treatment and studies were restricted to individual physicians ' practices until World War II .
This is when medical research centers discovered that there were large international differences in disease incidence .
This insight drove national public health bodies to make it possible to compile health data across practices and hospitals .
Many countries use this process today .
They concluded that diseased bone marrow could also be destroyed with radiation .
This led to the discovery of bone marrow transplants for leukemia .
She published a comparative study in 1926 of 500 breast cancer cases and 500 control patients of the same background and lifestyle for the British Ministry of Health .
It is when the body has no control over cells that begin to split .
They then make new cells with these copies .
These cells are able to go into other tissues .
They go into other tissues by growing into them .
They can also go into other tissues by putting themselves into far away places by metastasis .
It is when cells begin splitting at an uncontrollable rate .
The body has no control over these reactions .
These cells are able to invade other tissues .
They invade by either growing into them or by implanting themselves into distant sites by metastasis .
There are some things that can be causes or of different types of cancer .
One hard problem in treating cancer is that most things that kill cancer also kill normal cells .
Cancerous cells are often quite weak .
Another hard problem in treating cancer is that there are many different types of cancer .
Each have their own symptoms and causes .
One difficulty in treating cancer is that most things that kill it also kill normal cells .
Galen used oncos to all tumors .
Hippocrates only described and made drawings of tumors he saw from outside .
This is because the Greeks did not open up the body .
People were treated based on the humor theory .
The treatment was according to the patient 's humor .
The humor theory treatment was popular until the 19th century with the discovery of cells .
He said that it was contagious .
The work of other physicians led to different views .
Physicians then started working together .
They reached better conclusions .
This view of the disease was first made clear by the English surgeon Campbell De Morgan .
He made it known between 1871 and 1874 .
This was because of problems with hygiene .
The well known Scottish surgeon Alexander Monro saw only 2 breast tumor patients out of 60 surviving surgery for two years .
Galen used oncos to all tumor .
He concluded that it was contagious .
The work of other physicians led to various insights .
When physicians started working together they reached better conclusions .
This view of the disease was first made clear by the English surgeon Campbell De Morgan between 1871 and 1874 .
This was due to problems with hygiene .
The renowned Scottish surgeon Alexander Monro saw only 2 breast tumor patients out of 60 surviving surgery for two years .
The surgeon was no longer operating in isolation .
The surgeon worked together with hospital radiologists to help patients .
This made things difficult in .
It also made it necessary for the patient 's treatment to be done in a hospital rather than at home .
This made a process of putting all of the patient data into hospital files .
It was a founding paper .
She published a study in 1926 .
It was about 500 breast cancer cases and 500 control patients .
They both had the same background and lifestyle .
It was published for the British Ministry of Health .
Her work on cancer epidemiology was carried on by Richard Doll and Austin Bradford Hill .
Modern epidemiological methods are closely related to current ideas of disease and public health policy .
This data is used to study the sharing dependence of environmental and cultural causes on cancer .
Cancer patient treatment and studies were only allowed to individual physicians ' practices .
This changed during World War II .
This is when medical research centers found that there were large international differences in disease incidence .
This idea made national public health bodies to make it possible to bring together health data across practices and hospitals .
The Japanese medical community found that the bone marrow of victims of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki was completely destroyed .
They said that diseased bone marrow could also be destroyed with radiation .
There are some things that still need to get better .
They need to be standardized .
They need to be globalized to find cures through epidemiology and international partnerships .
This brought complications in communication .
It also brought along the necessity of the patient 's treatment to be done in a hospital rather than at home .
This created a parallel process of compiling patient data into hospital files .
She published a comparative study in 1926 .
It was about 500 breast cancer cases and 500 control patients of the same background and lifestyle for the British Ministry of Health .
Modern epidemiological methods are closely linked to current concepts of disease and public health policy .
This data is used to study the interdependence of environmental and cultural factors on cancer incidence .
Cancer patient treatment and studies were restricted to individual physicians ' practices until World War II .
This is when medical research centers discovered that there were large international differences in disease incidence .
This insight drove national public health bodies to make it possible to compile health data across practices and hospitals .
The Japanese medical community observed that the bone marrow of victims of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki was completely destroyed .
They concluded that diseased bone marrow could also be destroyed with radiation .
Most of its population lives in the southern part of the province .
The worms are not parasites .
They are not parasites .
A hermaphrodite makes sperms when it 's in a larval stage and makes eggs in an adult stage .
A male can only make sperm .
The hermaphrodites generate sperms in a larval stage and form eggs in adult stage .
Pakistan is a country in South Asia .
It is north of the Indian Ocean .
It is the country with the sixth highest number of people in it .
Pakistan also has nuclear weapons .
The capital of Pakistan is Islamabad .
Most people in Pakistan believe in Islam .
Bolachistan is the biggest province according to area and Punjab according to population .
Pakistan 's national language is Urdu while many local languages are also spoken .
Pakistan 's area is 794095 square km .
Its currency is ruppee .
The area also received global attention recently as the site of the devastating South Asian earthquake in October 2005 .
The currency of Pakistan is the Pakistani rupee .
Pakistan is also only the second country to be created because of religion along with Israel .
It is also suspected that Osama Bin Laden is hiding either in Pakistan or in the mountains that run along its border with Afghanistan .
Both countries and China separately control parts of the region .
India and Pakistan 's parts are divided by a Line of Control .
It is now the People 's Republic of Bangladesh .
It is officially called the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .
Pakistan has the seventh largest army in the world .
This is now called Bangladesh .
During recent times Pakistan has been in the center of world politics .
It was also a member between 1999 and 2004 .
However a few minority groups exist .
Pakistan has the seventh largest armed forces in the world and is a nuclear power .
Both countries and China separately control parts of the Kashmir region .
There are 72 sects in Islam according to which Shi'a is the majority of Muslim sects living in Pakistan .
There are 72 sects in Islam according to which shia is the majority off Muslim sects living in Pakistan .
New Zealand is a country in Oceania .
Its capital is Wellington .
New Zealand is a country formed of two major islands and a number of smaller islands in the southwestern Pacific Ocean .
These islands are among the largest in the world and the combined land area is comparable to the British Isles or Colorado .
Other islands have much smaller populations and cover much less land area .
New Zealand is one of the most recently settled major land masses .
The Dutch thought it was a single land which they named Staaten Landt .
In 1769 Captain James Cook began extensive surveys of the islands .
This led to European whaling expeditions and eventually significant European colonisation .
Since then New Zealand has been a sovereign constitutional monarchy within the Commonwealth of Nations .
New Zealand is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy .
There is no written constitution .
The Leader of the Opposition is Don Brash who became leader of the National party on 28 October 2003 .
New Zealand has not formally withdrawn from the treaty .
The current Chief Justice is Dame Sian Elias .
These were abolished in 1876 so that government could be centralised for financial reasons .
The spirit of the provinces however still lives on and there is fierce rivalry exhibited in sporting and cultural events .
New Zealand is composed of two main islands and a number of smaller islands .
There are 18 peaks of more than 3000 metres in the South Island .
New Zealand is the most geographically isolated of all countries .
New Zealand 's scenery has appeared in a number of television programs and films .
There is also a substantial tourism industry .
Various items of protective legislation establish business objectives yet prevent shareholding governments from having influence over day to day operations of the business .
Over a third of the population is unaffiliated .
Between the first Sunday in October each year and the third Sunday in March of the following year New Zealand observes Daylight Saving time which is 13 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time .
The Chatham Islands are 45 minutes ahead of New Zealand standard and daylight times .
There are also Provincial Anniversary Days to celebrate the founding days or landing days of the first colonists of the various colonial provinces .
A full list of Anniversary days is listed in the article Holidays in New Zealand .
Snow sports such as skiing and snowboarding are also popular .
Rugby as a sport is closely linked to New Zealand 's national identity .
The national rugby team is called the All Blacks and has the best winning record of any national team in the world .
The style of name has been followed in naming the national team in several other sports .
The silver fern is a national emblem worn by New Zealanders representing their country in sport .
The All Blacks traditionally perform a haka before the start of play .
The Southern Alps are known for the excellent wave soaring conditions .
Steve Fossett has recently tried to beat the world gliding altitude record there .
About 4 million people live in New Zealand .
Wellington is the capital of New Zealand .
Auckland is the largest city in New Zealand .
Its capital is Wellington .
There are many more sheep than people in New Zealand .
New Zealand has grown to be more popular over the past five years because the famous Lord of the Rings movies were all filmed there .
They are in love with their great outdoors and do not like nuclear weapons .
There are much more sheep than people in New Zealand .
New Zealand is an island country in Oceania .
About 4 million people live in New Zealand .
Wellington is the capital of New Zealand .
Auckland is the largest city in New Zealand .
New Zealand is home to lots of sheep .
There are many more sheep than people in New Zealand .
New Zealand has grown to be more popular over the past five years because the famous Lord of the Rings movies were all filmed there .
Their national game is Rugby .
They are in love with their great outdoors and do not like nuclear weapons .
The indigeounous people that live in New Zealand are named the Maori .
They worship their gods in a temple called a Marae .
Then the United States and the Soviet Union had to govern the Korean peninsula .
A strip of land between North Korea and South Korea became the Demilitarized Zone .
There is a plan for more to leave in the future .
The South Korean army will have more responsibility for defending the South .
So now more Americans also want their soldiers to come home from South Korea .
The land between North Korea and South Korea became the Demilitarized Zone .
More decreases are planned in the future as the US hands over more and more of the security responsibility for defending the South to the Military of the ROK .
The president is only allowed to do the job twice .
The president is only allowed to hold the office twice .
He converted the people to Christianity .
Ireland left the United Kingdom in 1922 and has been an independent country since then .
The British have been in Ireland since the 1100s along with the Normans and native Gaelic .
Britain and Ireland joined together and formed one country from 1801 until 1922 .
The Irish language was not used officially and some Irish culture suffered .
Most Irish people wanted to rule themselves but the British Government kept most of the power in London .
The rebels had little ammunition and despite fighting bravely were soon defeated .
The outcome of the treaty debate was a compromise .
By the end of that year the anti treaty forces were defeated .
In 1955 Ireland joined the United Nations and in 1973 it joined the European Union .
It is considered by most people to be a democracy .
Ireland is a parliamentary democracy .
Vietnam is a country in Southeast Asia .
The official name of the country is the Socialist Republic of Vietnam .
The largest city is Ho Chi Minh City .
That city used to be called Saigon .
The French surrendered in 1954 after the Battle of Dien Bien Phu .
He has won 6 titles in bike racing .
He has been accused of doping but the only positive test he has given was for a drug he was later given official permission to use .
Pennsylvania has many colleges and universities .
Pennsylvania has a large number of colleges and universities .
The province is the top unit .
In the provinces there are also cities and municipalities .
In these municipalities there are smaller barangays .
Most government offices make regional offices for the provinces .
Most of the mountainous islands had a lot of tropical rainforests a long time ago .
They started as volcanoes .
The country also has about 19 typhoons per year .
All provinces are grouped into 17 regions for administrative convenience .
Most government offices establish regional offices to serve the constituent provinces .
Go to the articles on the regions and provinces to see a larger map showing the locations of the regions and provinces .
Most of the mountainous islands used to be covered in tropical rainforests and are volcanic in origin .
The country is also astride the typhoon belt of the Western Pacific and is struck by about 19 typhoons per year .
Negritos live in Mindanao .
But now we call everyone from the Philippines Filipino .
The Culture is strongly influenced by both Western and Eastern Traditions .
This may have been because there were so many different languages then .
The Philippines is the most ethnically diverse country in Asia .
The Culture is strongly influence by both Western and Eastern Traditions .
The arrival of the Spaniards in 1565 brought with them Spanish culture and language .
It is in the Pacific Ocean and about 100 kilometers southeast from Asia .
East Timor and the Philippines are the only nations in East Asia where most of the people practice Christianity .
The Philippines was the most developed country in Asia after World War II .
East Timor and the Philippines are the only nations in East Asia where most of the people are Christians .
The Philippines was the most developed country in Asia immediately after World War II .
The Philippines and East Timor are the only nations in East Asia where most people practice Christianity .
Borneo island is a few hundred kilometers to the southwest and Taiwan is directly north .
On the eastern side of the Philippine Sea is Palau .
East Timor and the Philippines are the only nations in East Asia where most of the people practice Christianity .
The island of Borneo is a few hundred kilometers to the southwest and Taiwan is directly north .
The Moluccas and Celebes are farther south and on the eastern side of the Philippine Sea is Palau .
Luzon is the largest island and Mindanao is the second largest .
The Visayas are the group of islands in the central part of the Philippines .
In Manila there are forests and in Palawan there are rain forests !
The Philippines is a developing country .
Around 89 million people live in the Philippines as of 2006 .
Most people in the Philippines are of Austronesian stock .
The Negritos live in the mountains of Luzon and Visayas .
But now everyone living in the Philippines is called Filipino .
Negritos live in Mindanao .
But now we call everyone from the Philippines Filipino .
Filipino culture is strongly influenced by both Western and Eastern traditions .
This makes the Philippines as the most Westernized country in eastern Asia .
The Culture is strongly influenced by both Western and Eastern Traditions .
This may have been because there were so many different languages then .
Human fossils were found proving that many people settled in the Philippines for thousands of years .
Roman Catholicism was immediately introduced and imposed .
The American regime imposed the English language as the lingua franca in the islands through free public education .
Human fossils were found to prove that many people have been living in the Philippines for thousands of years .
They had been experimenting for many years with gliders and other vehicles before their first powered flight .
They are also known for making the first way to steer an airplane .
They had been experimenting for many years with gliders and similar vehicles before their first powered flight .
They are also known for making the first logical method to steer an airplane .
That is those that are not strong and can not live well enough raise young do not pass on the information about their shape and way of life .
He noticed that although young plants or animals of the same kind are very similar to their parents no two are exactly the same and there is always a range of shape size color and such like .
This theory says that all types of living organisms came from a common ancestor .
He said the way living things changed over time is through natural selection of those that best fit into the place where they live .
Fitting into the place where you live is called adapting .
People call the book just the Wealth of Nations .
It said some of the ideas on which modern economics is based .
He decides that if every person does what is best for himself then the country will do better .
He wrote another book called The Theory of Moral Sentiments .
Sympathy is when a person feels bad for or about another person because something happens to that person .
For example sympathy makes us feel sorry for someone who has been hurt .
He was connected with David Hume who was another Scottish philosopher .
These are very unsimple .
They may be hard for even a native English speaker .
He decides that if every person does what is best for themselves then the country will be best of .
Sympathy is when a person feels something for or about another person because something is happening to that person .
He was conected with David Hume who was another scotish philosopher .
It stated some of the ideas on which modern economics is based .
It said some of the ideas on which modern economics is based .
He contributed to science with his work in botany and his Theory of colors .
He contributed to the science with his work in botany and his Theory of colors .
His theories are still used in mathematics today .
There is not much information about his life .
Some say he was the first person to use the term philosophy .
They also believed that the soul is immortal and goes through a cycle of rebirths until it can become pure .
They believed that these souls were in both animal and plant life .
He also told of hearing the voice of a dead friend in the howl of a dog being beaten .
Pythagoras ' most important belief was that the physical world was mathematical and that numbers were the real reality .
His theories are still used in mathematics today !
His followers did not have any personal possessions and they were all vegetarians .
Pythagoras taught them all and they had to obey by strict rules .
It is believed he was the first person to use the term philosophy .
They also believed that the soul is immortal and is destined to a cycle of rebirths until it could purify its life .
They believed that these souls were in both animal and plantlife as well .
He also recalled hearing the voice of a dead friend in the howl of a dog being beaten .
Although Pythagoras ' most important discovery was that the physical world was mathematical and that numbers were the real reality .
He also told of hearing the voice of a dead friend in the howl of a dog being beaten .
And was attack by an angry mob .
Patrick had been appointed Perpetual Curate there .
She left her five daughters and a son to be looked after by her sister Elizabeth Branwell .
She described it as Lowood School in her novel Jane Eyre .
They died of tuberculosis in June 1825 soon after their father took them from the school on 1 June .
In 1833 she wrote her novella The Green Dwarf under the name of Wellesley .
It was there that Patrick had been appointed Perpetual Curate .
She leaft five daughters and a son to the care of her sister Elizabeth Branwell .
She described it as Lowood School in Jane Eyre .
They died of tuberculosis in June 1825 soon after their father removed them from the school on 1 June .
People also visit Portsmouth to see the old ship Mary Rose .
Portsmouth is a city in the south of England .
It is a naval port and is the base for the Royal Navy .
Portmouth has one University called The University of Portsmouth .
Jane became Queen of England for nine days .
Some people wanted Jane to be Queen because she was a Protestant .
Mary I of England should have been the Queen instead .
However many people did not want Mary to be the Queen because she was a Roman Catholic .
Jane also found friendship with her cousin and future king Edward VI .
They often studied together .
Jane 's parents desired to use her to gain political power .
Jane was dealt another blow in 1549 when Thomas Seymour was arrested on charges of treason .
She was sent back to her angered parents .
Jane 's parents desired to use her to gain advantageous political power .
She was sent back to her dissatisfied parents .
Jane 's parents were very strict and often hurt Jane at a young age .
It was clear that Catherine was very fond of Jane in return .
Jane 's parents wanted to use her to gain political power .
Tragedy struck when Catherine Parr died while having the baby in August of that year and Jane served as chief mourner in her funeral .
Jane 's parents were very strict and often abused Jane at a young age .
It was obvious that Catherine was very fond of Jane in return .
Jane 's parents desired to use her to gain political power .
Tragedy struck when Catherine Parr died during childbirth in August of that year and Jane served as chief mourner in her funeral .
It was clear that he was going to die soon .
This meant that Jane would become Frances and Dudley 's puppet and do what they wanted .
It was obvious that he was going to die soon .
This meant that Jane would become Frances and Dudley 's puppet .
Dudley 's plan to make Jane queen was starting to take place .
Edward 's death was kept secret for a few days until Jane could be proclaimed queen .
Dudley 's plan to make Jane queen was starting to unfold .
Edward 's death was kept secret for a few days until Jane could be brought to be proclaimed queen .
He said he was acting by his conscience and he would like nothing more than to be proved wrong .
He quoted a verse from the Bible in Leviticus which states that a man may not marry his brother 's wife and such a union would be without the blessing of God and fruitless and used this as his case .
It became referred to as the king 's Secret Matter and a special court was held with Wolsey leading it .
In 1527 Anne 's refusal together with Henry 's want of a son meant that he started to divorce his wife Catherine of Aragon .
He used the pretext that because Catherine had been married to his older dead brother that it was an invalid marriage and he was acting by his conscience and he would like nothing more than to be proved wrong .
He quoted a verse in Leviticus which states that a man may not marry his brother 's wife and such a union would be without the blessing of God and fruitless and used this as his case .
It became referred to as the kings Secret Matter and a special court was held with Wolsey leading it .
Yet she was also a devout Christian .
Cardinal Wolsey found out about the arrangement and ordered them to be separated .
Anne was sent home to Hever and Sir Henry was forced to marry Lady Mary Talbot .
Anne returned to the royal court and King Henry soon fell in love with her .
He said that the marriage was invalid because Catherine had been married to his older brother Arthur before she had married Henry .
Henry now thought that their marriage should not have been allowed in the first place .
He quoted a verse from the Book of Leviticus in the Bible .
This verse says that a man may not marry his brother 's wife .
An official from the Pope in Rome was brought over and a trial was held .
The official stated that he could not come to a conclusion and the case would have to be decided by the Pope .
Anne agreed to become Henry 's mistress by 1532 and she soon became pregnant .
This meant that Anne needed to be married quickly to Henry .
Henry started to worry that Anne could not give him a healthy male child .
He found people who said that Anne had been the lover of other men while she was married to King Henry .
All of them were executed .
Her personality was exciting .
She was a devout Christian .
She was then sent to France .
She stayed there until 1521 .
Anne fell in love with Sir Henry Percy Heir to the Earl of Nothumberland and became allegedly engaged to be married to him .
Cardinal Wosley found out about the arrangement and ordered them to be separated .
Anne was banished to Hever and Sir Henry was forced to marry Lady Mary Talbot .
Anne blamed Wosley for her lost love and was determined to have her revenge on the one who had called her a foolish girl .
He said he was acting by his conscience and he would like nothing more than to be proved wrong .
He quoted a verse from the Bible in Leviticus which states that a man may not marry his brother 's wife and such a union would be without the blessing of God and fruitless and used this as his case .
It became referred to as the king 's Secret Matter and a special court was held with Wolsey leading it .
An official from Rome was brought over and a trial was held .
The official stated that he could not come to a conclusion and the case would have to be referred to Rome for the Pope to make a decision .
The Pope did not make a decision .
The matter was dragged out and Anne and King Henry were becoming increasingly impatient .
King Henry was putting an ever increasing amount of pressure on Anne to succumb to his wishes and become his mistress .
Anne agreed to become Henry 's mistress by 1532 and became pregnant .
This meant Anne needed to be married quickly to Henry so that the baby could be a legitimate heir for the King .
Henry 's marriage to Catherine of Aragon was finally annuled in the following May by Archbishop Cranmer .
This and Anne 's later miscarriage of a son caused Henry to fear that Anne could not give him a healthy male heir .
She was then put on trial and found guilty of adultery and incest .
Anne has been called the most and important queen consort England has ever had .
People 's opinions of Anne 's beauty was different .
Lancelot de Carles called her beautiful with an elegant figure .
A Venetian in Paris in 1528 also said that she was beautiful .
He wrote it several years after Anne died .
Sanders said that it was because of Anne that Henry went away from the Catholic church .
Sanders ' words about Anne made what Eric Ives called the monster legend of Anne Boleyn .
Anne was also a good dancer .
Anne was not considered very beautiful .
Anne had none of these features .
She also was a good dancer and enjoyed gambling .
Lancelot de Carles called her beautiful with a good figure .
He said she had passing skill as a dancer .
Lancelot de Carles called her beautiful with an elegant figure .
Anne came back to the royal court and King Henry soon fell in love with her .
He wanted her to become his mistress .
He said that the marriage was not right because Katherine had been married to his older brother Arthur before she had married Henry .
He said a verse in the Bible said a man may not marry his brother 's wife .
The plans for divorce caused a lot of gossip at court .
The official stated that he could not decide what to do .
He wanted the Pope to decide instead .
The Pope was fearful of what would happen if he allowed the divorce .
He did not make a decision .
Anne returned to the royal court and King Henry soon fell in love with her .
He said that the marriage was invalid because Katherine had been married to his older brother Arthur before she had married Henry .
He quoted a verse from the Book of Leviticus in the Bible .
This verse says that a man may not marry his brother 's wife .
The official stated that he could not come to a conclusion and the case would have to be decided by the Pope .
Notes discovered in Heidelberg University library by Agostino Vespucciin a Florentine city official reinforced Vasaril 's earlier indentification of the model .
Britney Spears was on a TV show for children in 1993 and 1994 called the New Mickey Mouse Club .
The music video for the song is famous for showing Britney in a Catholic schoolgirl uniform .
Britney has made 6 albums .
She also had a small role in the movie Austin Powers in Goldmember in 2002 .
Spears first came to fame with the Mickey Mouse Club .
Spears started her five year relationship with Timberlake at this point .
She release 6 albums .
Keanu Reeves plays a man who works at a computer company .
On the internet he calls himself Neo .
One day one of his internet friends sends him a message .
He tells Neo to follow the white rabbit .
Then Neo sees a girl with a white rabbit marking on her shoulder .
So he follows her .
The girl leads him to a noisy club .
He meets up with some of the people he knew on the internet .
They say they want to tell him a secret .
Morpheus tells him to escape out of the window .
But Neo does not trust Morpheus .
So the men in suits catch him .
They take him away and ask him questions .
But also they do strange things to him .
They make his mouth disappear so he can not speak .
Then they put an insect inside his stomach .
She is a woman named Trinity .
She uses a machine to kill the insect in his stomach .
Then they take him to meet Morpheus .
Morpheus asks him if he wants to know the secret .
Neo says yes .
Morpheus gives Neo a pill and then connects him to another machine .
Suddenly Neo wakes up in a tank of water .
There are wires in his head and arms .
It hurts him badly .
He looks around and he can not see any people or buildings .
All he can see is more water tanks .
He escapes from the tank he is in .
Then a ship comes and picks him up .
On the ship Neo finds his friends again .
They tell him the secret .
The world he lived in with people and buildings was not real .
It was a computer program .
They sent robots to capture all the humans .
But they needed the humans to generate power .
So they keep humans in the water tanks .
They can extract power from their bodies .
They use a computer program to make the humans think they are in the ordinary world .
The program is called the Matrix .
The wires in Neo 's head and arms were sending the program to him .
The men in suits that Neo saw were not real people .
They are part of the program too .
They try to catch anyone who might be dangerous to the computers .
They found out that Neo was about to learn the secret .
That was why they went after him .
They made his mouth disappear by changing the computer program .
Neo is badly hurt .
Morpheus and his friends take him to hospital .
They help him get better .
Then they help him learn to change the computer program .
He learns how to change the program to make him strong and fast .
It is hard .
His mind still thinks that the program is real .
But he learns .
Soon he is able to jump between buildings and run along walls and dodge bullets .
Morpheus has heard a story .
It is about a man called the One .
The One is a man who would be able to save humans from the computers .
He thinks that Neo might be the One .
That is why he contacted him .
Morpheus takes Neo to see a wise woman .
She is called the Oracle .
She says that Neo is not the One .
Morpheus is upset .
But Neo tries to help his friends anyway .
The men in suits capture Morpheus .
Neo and his friends go to rescue him .
The men in suits fight back .
They change the computer program .
But Neo and his friends can change the program too .
They dodge bullets and surprise the men in suits .
One of Neo 's friends was called Cypher .
All of Neo 's friends had trusted him .
He was working for the men in suits .
He kills some of Neo 's friends .
But the others manage to stop him in time .
But then one of the men in suits shoots Neo .
Neo dies .
Trinity is very sad .
She had fallen in love with Neo .
She says that she went to see the Oracle too .
The Oracle said the man she loved would be the One .
Trinity kisses Neo while he is dead .
Neo stands up again .
He realizes that he is the One .
The Oracle lied to him .
The Oracle wanted him to find out for himself .
Neo looks at the men in suits .
The men in suits shoot at him .
But Neo can see the parts of the computer program .
He can tell that nothing is real .
Now he realizes how to change everything .
He is better at it than any of his friends .
Neo does not dodge the bullets .
He changes the program so that the bullets stop flying .
Then he kills one of the men in suits .
Nobody had managed to kill one before .
Now Neo and his friends are fighting against the men in suits .
They want to free the humans from the water tanks .
Now that they have the One they think that they can win .
The Matrix trilogy is a science fiction movie written by the Wachowski brothers .
The story begins with the Animatrix cartoons .
The machines began creating wonderful technology and surpassed the humans in every way .
Humans became jealous and waged war against the machines .
They went to war against the humans .
It became a dark world and the Sun did not reach the ground .
Each human sent their body 's energy back to the machines .
The Matrix makes humans in the pods believe they are living in the year 2000 .
The machines experimented with different versions of the Matrix .
But humans rejected the program and millions of humans died in their pods because the dreamworld was n't realistic enough .
Her solution was to give humans choices in their lives and that would keep them happy .
The Architect program of the Matrix had a tough time balancing all the functions needed to run the Matrix .
He can not balance all the numbers perfectly .
There is a glitch in the Matrix that gives one human extraordinary powers inside it .
This person is called The One .
The One can modify and break rules inside the Matrix .
This code must be returned to the Source so that the Matrix can be reset and started over again .
The Architect program of the Matrix has balanced the powers of the One by giving another program the same powers .
A very small few are living deep under the earth 's surface in caves .
These caves make up the last human city called Zion .
The One is then asked to choose two dozen humans to repopulate Zion .
The hero of this movie is freed in the same way .
He is constantly harassing Neo and destroying all life in the Matrix .
He makes copies of himself with everything he touches .
Neo does not achieve his goal of defeating the machines .
However he does achieve a peace treaty with the machines .
How long this peace between the machines and humans will last is anyone 's guess .
That is why they went after him .
Morpheus and his friends take him to a hospital .
But he was not their friend at all .
That was why they went after him .
Morpheus and his friends take him to hospital .
They try to catch anyone who might hurt the computers .
They try to catch anyone who might be dangerous to the computers .
The Matrix is a movie from 1999 which has Keanu Reeves in it .
Neo sees a girl with a white rabbit marking on her shoulder .
Neo follows the girl .
The girl leads him to a club .
He meets some of the people he talked to on the internet .
They close his mouth so he can not speak .
Then she takes him to meet Morpheus .
Morpheus gives Neo a pill and then connects him to a machine .
The Earth was not real .
None of the people or houses were real .
Everything was a computer program .
Neo is hurt .
Neo learns how to change the program .
That is why he found Neo .
But he was not their friend .
She loved Neo .
Trinity says that she went to see the Oracle too .
The Oracle said that Trinity would love a man .
The man Trinity loved would be the One .
But Neo is not really dead .
The Oracle wanted Neo to know without the Oracle 's help .
Now he knows how to change everything .
He can do it better than his friends .
Nobody had killed one before .
The Matrix is a movie from 1999 featuring Keanu Reeves .
Then Neo sees a girl with a white rabbit marking on her shoulder .
So he follows her .
The girl leads him to a noisy club .
He meets up with some of the people he knew on the internet .
They make his mouth disappear so he can not speak .
She is a woman named Trinity .
Then they take him to meet Morpheus .
Morpheus gives Neo a pill and then connects him to another machine .
The world he lived in with people and buildings was not real .
It was a computer program .
Neo is badly hurt .
But he learns .
That is why he contacted him .
But he was not their friend at all .
She had fallen in love with Neo .
She says that she went to see the Oracle too .
The Oracle said the man she loved would be the One .
The Oracle wanted him to find out for himself .
Now he realizes how to change everything .
He is better at it than any of his friends .
Nobody had managed to kill one before .
Both towers of the World Trade Center fell and were destroyed .
Thousands of people in the World Trade Center and the Pentagon also died .
They claimed they did not know where he was .
Florence is on the Arno River .
Florence lies on the Arno River .
She is from the America .
This height does not include the 20 metre television arial on the top of the Eiffel Tower !
This height does not include the 20 meter television arial on the top of the Eiffel Tower !
This height does not include the 20 metre television ariel on the top of the Eiffel Tower !
This height does not include the 20 metre television arial on the top of the Eiffel Tower !
This height does not include the 20 metre television aerial on the top of the Eiffel Tower !
This height does not include the 20 metre television ariel on the top of the Eiffel Tower !
The Eiffel Tower is a famous landmark in Paris .
It was built between 1887 and 1889 as the entrance arch for a fair called the Exposition Universelle .
The Eiffel Tower is a landmark and tourist attraction in Paris .
The Eiffel Tower was built between 1887 and 1889 .
The Eiffel Tower is 300 metres tall .
This height does not include the 20 metre television aerial on the top of the Eiffel Tower !
The Eiffel Tower was the tallest building in the world for 40 years .
He became a king for 72 years .
This was the longest recorded rule of any European monarch .
He is often seen as the example of absolutism .
In 1711 he went through the tragedy of the death of his oldest son and the following year that of his oldest grandson .
In 1711 he endured the tragedy of the death of his eldest son and the following year that of his eldest grandson .
Open Site started an encyclopedia for children in August 2004 .
The writing and pictures on the childrens ' encyclopedia are simpler and easier to understand than other encyclopedias .
Open Site launched an encyclopedia for children in August 2004 .
The writing and pictures on the childrens ' encyclopedia aims to be more simple and easy to understand than other encyclopedias .
Tensions rose in Texas when the United States bought a large amount of land from France in 1803 .
This land was called the Louisiana Purchase .
People began wondering whether Texas or the United States could claim Texas .
In 1845 it became the 28th state in the Union .
In Dallas IT companies such as Texas Instruments and EDS have their offices .
It did n't become a colony until 1685 by France .
Tensions did n't rise in Texas until The USA bought Louisiana and large amount of land from France in 1803 .
The tension was lifted in 1819 when the United States recognized a river to be part of Texas .
Roman Catholic Bibles have these books in the Old Testament .
They do not call them Apocrypha .
Roman Catholic Bibles have these books in the Old Testament They do not call them Apocrypha .
Some Chinese characters were originally fairly concrete pictures of the things they represent .
The ma part is only there to represent the sound .
Chinese does not have its own alphabet .
Washington led the army until the end of the war in 1783 .
Washington went home to Mount Vernon after his second term ended in 1797 .
Washington led the army till the end of the war in 1783 .
Washington went home to Mount Vernon .
He was reelected to a second term .
Washington went home to Mount Vernon after his term ended .
Geoge Washington was one of the best ledder ever .
The funny thing is that the story is not honest because it was made up by Parson Weemes in the first biography written about Washington .
After the coal miners strike he had the Department of Interior take over the mines .
After the coal miners strike He had the Department of Interior take over the mines .
He is married to Senator Hillary Clinton and now lives in New York .
The Wikipedia Review says that they believe that Wikitruth is run by the Wikipedia cabal .
The Wikipedia Review states that they believe that Wikitruth is run by the Wikipedia cabal .
Rice is believed to have been first cultivated in ancient southern China and India .
It is n't eaten in raw but cooked or boiled .
In some areas like Spain rice is first flied by olive oil or butter and then cooked by water or soup .
In some area like India rice is eaten by sauce .
Rice is believe to have been first cultivated in ancient southern China and India .
Rice is part of the staple diet in many countries .
Rice is part of the staple diet in many Asian countries .
Rice growing was brought to Japan possibly in the 1st century before the Common Era and became popular during the 2nd century and the 3rd century .
From India rice spread to southern Europe and Africa .
Rice is part of the main diet in many countries .
Rice is part of the staple diet in many countries .
Older English sources such as the King James Version of the Bible refer to all as cattle .
Additionally other species of the genus Bos are often called cattle or wild cattle .
Young cattle are called calves .
An intact male is called a bull .
The adjective used to talk about cattle is bovine .
There is no word that means one cattle other than the terms given above .
Cattle raised for humans to eat are called beef cattle .
Cows of some kinds that are kept for giving milk are called dairy cows .
The movement of the cape is the reason bulls attack .
Cattle occupy a special role in human history .
Some people consider them the oldest form of wealth .
Usually an ox is over four years old due to the need for training and for time to grow to full size .
A wooden yoke is put about the neck of each pair so that the work is shared across their shoulders .
Oxen must be trained from a young age .
The owner must make or buy as many as a dozen yokes of different sizes as the animals grow .
The constellation Taurus represents a bull .
A Cow is slang for a female bovine .
It can also mean a female whale or other mammal .
It means to be in awe off .
Cows produce Milk .
The meat of a cow is called beef .
This article is about the year 1 .
It started on a Monday .
It is one of only seven years to use just one Roman numeral .
Most scholars argue that Dionysius placed the birth of Jesus in 1 BC .
A woman has a uterus or womb .
Woman has a uterus or womb .
A woman has a uterus or a womb .
Women give birth to babies or children .
A woman has a uterus or womb .
Women give birth to babies and children .
Small and big are opposites .
So the size of the blue box is 9 cubic feet .
Therefore the box has a volume of 6 cubic feet .
The size of the box is 6 cubic feet .
Therefore the blue box is 9 cubic feet .
The size of the blue box is 9 cubic feet .
The size of something might also be described by several numbers .
The size of an object might also be described by several numbers .
So the size of the blue box is 9 cubic feet .
The size of an object might also be described by several numbers .
The box has a volume of 6 cubic feet .
The size of the box is 6 cubic feet .
The blue box is 9 cubic feet .
The size of the blue box is 9 cubic feet .
The size of something might also be described by several numbers .
An ant is a small insect that live under the ground in very large groups .
An ant is a small insects that live under the ground in very large groups .
An ant is a small species of insect that lives underground in very large groups .
One ant colony may have thousands of members .
Those eggs will hatch into worker ants .
An ant is a small insect that live under the ground in very large groups .
One ant colony can have thousands of members .
Those eggs will hatch into female worker ants who do work .
Indigo is one of the colors of the rainbow .
Isaac Newton named and defined indigo as a spectrum color when he divided up the optical spectrum into the seven colors of the rainbow .
The nation of India is associated with the plant indigo .
The name of the color indigo originally came from the Indigo plant .
Indigo is neither an additive primary color nor a subtractive primary one .
Isaac Newton named and defined indigo as a spectrum color when he divided up the spectrum into the seven colors of the rainbow .
Isaac Newton named and defined indigo as a spectrum color when he divided up the optical spectrum into the seven colors of the rainbow .
Violet is the seventh color of the rainbow .
It is made by mixing blue and red .
The name of the color comes from the violet is also a small flower grown in most parts of the world .
He was the third son of William the Conqueror and Queen Matilda of Flanders .
As King Henry tried to make social reforms .
He issued the the Charter of Liberties which is considered a predecessor of the Magna Carta .
He put back in place some of the laws of Edward the Confessor .
He also father the most illegitimate children of any English King .
Estimates place the number between 20 and 25 .
Henry died in 1135 while visiting his daughter and grandchildren in Normandy .
He was the third son of William the Conqueror .
His mother was Queen Matilda of Flanders .
Henry gained notably as a leader of social reforms for the times .
Most states were different from what they are now .
Most of these states would turn in their modern equivalents only later .
This caused the towns to grow larger .
European people traded a lot at the time .
This was one of the factors that caused cities and towns to grow .
The house of the lord were usually called a Manor house .
The houses of the lords were usually called Manor house .
Many church buildings still remain from this period .
Many of church buildings still remain from this period .
A big part of Europe was called the Holy Roman Empire .
People believed the Emperor Charlemagne started the Holy Roman Empire in 800 AD .
This form of economy is known as Manorialism .
People believed Charlemagne started it in 800 AD .
The form of economy is known as Manorialism .
Gothic architecture is a style of architecture for buildings in Western Europe in the Middle Ages .
Gothic architecture is a style of architecture which was built in Western Europe in the Middle Ages .
Some features of Gothic archicture are also features of Romanesque architecture .
Some features of Gothic architecture are not features of Romanesque architecture .
A patron saint is someone who has devoted their whole life to something greater than there self .
A patron saint is someone who has devoted there whole life to something greater than there self .
He also married couples when the king prohibited it .
There is a bell in the National Museum of Ireland that was made around the time of Saint Patrick 's life .
There is no evidence that Saint Patrick owned the bell but the Irish have believed the bell belonged to Saint Patrick for 1400 years .
It is believed that the bell was rung by Saint Patrick to let people know it was time for church .
There is a bell in the National Museum of Ireland that was made around the time of Saint Partick 's life .
There is no evidence that Saint Patrick owned the bell but the Irish have believed the bell belonged to Saint Partick for 1400 years .
It is believed that the bell was rung by Saint Partick to let people know it was time for church .
The name comes from from Sumorsaete which means the land of the summer people .
In the winter the land was probably under water .
In the winter the land was probably under the water .
Wells is one of the smallest cities in the country .
There are other important towns in Somerset .
The oldest prison in England which is still used is in a town named Shepton Mallet in Somerset .
Somerset also has the world 's oldest road which people built .
In 1996 Avon was split into 4 parts .
Part of the Exmoor National Park is in Somerset .
Somerset has lots of places to visit .
Somerset has the oldest used prison in a town called Shepton Mallet and the world 's oldest road which people built .
It is in the Mendip District .
It is in the South Somerset District .
It is in the Taunton Deane District .
It is in the South Somerset District .
Ruins of a feasting hall built after the Roman time were also found in the dig .
There are also legends connecting this place with King Arthur .
The sites prehistoric occupation came to an effective end with the Romans .
The site has long been associated with Arthur but this connection has tended to overshadow its important prehistoric evidence .
It is next to the sea .
Many people think that she was the greatest monarch ever to rule England .
Elizabeth was taken away from the royal court and was looked after by other people .
She was given a good education .
He was called King Edward VI of England .
This marriage made her unpopular because Spain and England were old enemies .
This law decided that the king was the head of the church in England .
Elizabeth tried to bring Catholics and Protestants together .
This was probably one of the reasons that she refused all of the marriages proposed to her .
She had first met Robert Dudley when they were both prisoners in the Tower of London during Queen Mary 's reign .
All this gossip made it impossible for Elizabeth to marry him .
Mary married a French prince and became the French queen was well as the Queen of Scots .
Some people wanted to force Elizabeth off the throne and replace her with Mary .
Elizabeth kept her as a prisoner for many years .
He let Elizabeth down several times .
Essex behaved very stupidly by getting a gang of his friends together and trying to take over the country .
She had managed to keep peace in the country and to keep the independence of England .
These were thought to be great achievements .
She had been claimed as an illegitimate child of the king .
This meant that the king said she was not his daughter .
This law decided that the king was top in England .
She followed him .
She accepted Catholicism though she was a Protestant .
Historians have different theories about this .
One is that she was hurt by her mother 's death .
The most likely reason may be that she did n't want to cause problems by marriage .
It might be because of this that she refused all of the marriages proposed to her .
They were rivals .
Mary married the French prince and became the French queen .
And she was the Queen of Scots .
She also had the right that would enable her to become Queen of England .
This would force Elizabeth off the throne .
It is believed Mary had a plot to kill Elizabeth .
She made negotiations with them to marry .
Queen Elizabeth I is known as one of the greatest rulers England has ever known .
She ruled for about 48 years .
Elizabeth had helped the Netherlands fight against Spain .
The Netherlands fought for independence .
James VI was Mary 's son .
She had kept the independence of England that was a weak state at that time .
She has been called Good queen Bess .
She is a certified scuba diver .
Alba also does a lot of charity work .
Alba also does a lot of work for charity work .
She became famous with the television series Dark Angel which was on from 2000 to 2002 .
Alba often appears on the Hot 100 section of Maxim magazine and was voted Woman in the World by FHM in 2007 .
She was originally hired for two weeks but ended up working for two months because another actress dropped out .
She was then Maya in the television series Flipper .
He agreed to make donations to two charities that Alba supports .
She became famous with the television series Dark Angel which ran from 2000 to 2002 .
Alba often appears on the Hot 100 section of Maxim magazine and was voted Sexiest Woman in the World by FHM in 2007 .
She was then Maya in the first two seasons of the television series Flipper .
He agreed to make donations to two charities that Alba has supported .
This caused controversy due to their 12 year age gap .
This caused a lawsuit that was later dropped .
This was the cause of a lawsuit that was later dropped .
The ends on March 16 .
The closes on March 16 .
It is the opposite of happiness .
It is the opposite to happiness .
Reading it again is called decrypting .
Symmetric cryptography uses the same key to encrypt and decrypt a message .
Asymmetric cryptography is also called public key cryptosystems .
A problem with symmetric cryptosystems have a problem is transporting the key from the maker of the key to the person recieving the key without anyone reading and changing the key .
Asymmetric cryptosystems are also called public key cryptosystems .
The latter is a moderated group .
Cryptography is a science about sending secret messages .
It is about how to stop people reading messages that they are not allowed to read .
Cryptography is very important in Computing and on the Internet .
Cryptography is used to stop them .
The computer makes the message hard to read .
But how to change it back is a secret .
Only the person who you sent the message to knows the secret .
Other people do not know it .
So they can not change the message back .
So they can not read it .
So your message is safe .
Reading it again is called decrypting .
Symmetric cryptography uses the same key to encrypt and decrypt a message .
Asymmetric cryptography is also called public key cryptosystems .
A problem with symmetric cryptosystems have a problem is transporting the key from the maker of the key to the person recieving the key without anyone reading and changing the key .
A simple form of Cryptography is a Caesar Cipher .
The computer makes the message difficult to read .
The computer makes the message hard to read .
Other people will not be able to read it so your message is normally safe .
In other parts of the world Tuesday is the second day of the week .
Boats from Laos can get to the ocean using the Mekong .
Most of Lao people believe in Buddhism .
Laos does n't faces to the sea .
Through Mekong Laos connects to the sea .
Most of Lao people believe in buddhism .
So you can think of it as the energy of movement .
A ship is a large vehicle used to travel on water .
A butt is a large vehicle used to travel on toilets .
A ship is a large vehicle used to travel on water .
It is bigger than a boat .
Gender is often a slang word for someone 's sex .
It says if someone feels or acts more like a female or more like a male .
Gender is often another word for someone 's sex .
It says whether someone is masculine or feminine .
It says if someone feels or behaves more like a female or more like a male .
The Dutch language has few grammatical times .
The stem changes to a written long vowel .
So the stem of lopen becomes loop .
The Dutch language has few grammatical tenses .
It is only used in very formal texts .
The second type is a type where the verb actually functions as an adjective .
The third type is a type which is used a lot .
The use of this type can be compared with the English type of continuous .
The Dutch language has few grammatical times .
The Dutch letters are like letters in other lands .
A language developed from Dutch called Afrikaans is spoken in South Africa and Namibia .
A form of Dutch called Afrikaans is spoken in South Africa and Namibia .
Everybody can put their own creations under these licenses .
There are four basic license conditions .
They must give the original creator credit for the work .
They are not allowed to make money with it .
They are not allowed to change the work into something else .
See also copyleft .
It is possible to combine the licenses .
Instead they suggest to use the Free Art license .
In old prehistoric times dragonflies had wings that were two feet wide .
In old prehistoric times dragonflies had a wings that were two feet long .
Wind is the flow of gases .
The strongest winds seen on a planet in our solar system are on Neptune and Saturn .
Short bursts of fast winds are called gusts .
Strong winds that go on for about one minute are called squalls .
Cold wind can sometimes have a bad effect on livestock .
Wind is moving air .
It is caused by the movement of air from an area of high barometric pressure to an area of low barometric pressure .
It is the atmosphere 's way of equalizing the pressure .
A vertebrate is an animal with a backbone or spine inside its body .
The Republic of Singapore is an Asian country at the southern end of the Malay peninsula .
The suffering during World War II made the people realize that the British were not so powerful .
They realized that they had to defend Singapore themselves .
Singapore is doing very well economically .
Its economy is as good as some European ones .
The Republic of Singapore is an Asian country at the southern tip of the Malay peninsula .
Population 4 425 720 .
The suffering at the hands of the Japanese made the people realize that the British were not as powerful as they had thought .
Malay is the national language of Singapore but most Singaporeans speak English .
The suffering during World War II made the people began to think that the British were not so powerful .
Malaysia is a country with many races .
Most people in Singapore are Chinese .
This caused quarrels between the state government of Singapore and the federal government of Malaysia .
Singapore separated from Malaysia and became independent on August 9 1965 .
Its economy is as good as some European coutries .
Singapore means Lion city in Sanskrit .
The suffering during World War II made the people realize that the British were not so powerful .
They realized that they had to defend Singapore themselves .
Singapore is doing very well economically .
Its economy is as good as some European ones .
Singapore 's mode of exchanging goods and services is the Singapore dollar .
Singapore 's currency is the Singapore dollar .
Singapore 's currency is the Singapore dollar .
Singapore 's mode of exchanging goods and services is the Singapore dollar .
Fast can also mean something moving at a high speed .
Fast can also refer to something moving at a high speed .
They fell in love .
They had a son .
They called him Caesarion .
They fell in love and their son Caesarion were born .
It has its origin in ancient Vedic culture at least as far back as 2000 BCE .
Truth sought with faith shall yield itself in blissful luminescence no matter the race or creed professed .
The Bhagavad Gita is an important book of Hinduism .
It is a talk between Krishna and Arjuna .
The Bhagavad Gita calls this duty as Karma .
See Bhagavad Gita to explore this text .
There are many texts relating to Hinduism .
Most of them have been written in Sanskrit .
These texts are called Hindu scriptures .
Hindu scripture is overwhelmingly written in Sanskrit .
Hindus use several prayers and group of words .
Some group of words are called mantras .
Reciting mantras is a fundamental practice that both originated and now continues in Hinduism .
Hindus use many symbols and signs .
Two most important symbols used by Hindus are named Aum and Swastika .
It has been used in Hinduism since the early Vedic culture and is still widespread in the Indian subcontinent .
See Swastika .
Also see Early Hinduism and Aryan Invasion Theory .
See Early Hinduism and Aryan Invasion Theory .
Hinduism beleives in four main goals of life .
The main purpose of the Purva Mimamsa line of thought was to give an upper position to the Vedas .
Adi Sankara and Swami Vivekananda followed this line of thought to explain the meaning of Hindu beleifs .
Consequently this school 's most valuable contribution to Hinduism was its formulation of the rules of Vedic interpretation .
Hinduism tells about a particular way of life to lead as a Hindu .
The Upanishads also contain important texts about yoga .
The Upanishads are also very important as a philosophical foundation for this rational spiritualism .
Hindus that believe in hinduism pray in many different ways .
Hinduism started at least as long ago as 2000 BCE .
Hinduists that believe in hinduismpray in many different ways .
Hinduism began at least as long ago as 2000 BCE .
People who believe in Hinduism are called Hindus .
They pray in many different ways .
Hindus who believe in Hinduism pray in many different ways .
It was the first religion that had a concept of reincarnation .
Hinduism encourages tolerance for what other people believe .
Hindus beleive that there is not only one correct understanding of the one True god .
It was the first religion to believe in reincarnation .
Hernan 's journeys started in 1502 when he 'd heard stories about the New World and went on a journey led by Nicolas de Ovando and Diego Velazquez to the West Indies .
Hernan 's journeys started in 1502 when he 'd heard stories about the New World and went on a journey led by nicolas de Ovando and Diego Velazquez to the West Indies .
Later he went back to Europe with great treasure .
He went to Salamanca University but dropped out at age 17 .
Hernan 's journeys started in 1502 when he had heard stories about the New World .
He then went on a journey led by Nicolas de Ovando and Diego Velazquez to the West Indies .
Hernan 's journeys started in 1502 when he 'd heard stories about the New World and went on a journey led by Nicolas de Ovando and Diego Velazquez to the West Indies .
He then went on a killing spree and burnrf down the city .
But Hernando quickly realized that some Spaniards had been attacked on the coast and planned to kidnap Montezma and his house and make him swear loyalty to King Charles V.
In July 1519 the spanish took over Veracruz where 100 men were left .
He then went on a killing spree and burning down the city .
But Hernando quickly realized that some Spaniards had been attacked on the coast and planned to kidnapp Montezma and his house and make him swear loyalty to Charles V.
This tag uses the name of the image as well as some keywords to know where an image should be shown on a page .
The center position should not be used on most articles .
This tag uses the name of the image as well as certain keywords to know where an image should be shown on a page .
The center position should not be used most of the time .
Bible study is intensive reading of the Bible .
Bible study is intensive reading and occupation of the Bible .
Atheism is the belief that no God or gods exist .
Someone who does not believe any deities exist is called an atheist .
Atheism is the belief that no God or gods exist .
Atheism is different from agnosticism in that an agnostic thinks there is doubt that the existence of god can be proven .
Atheism is different from agnosticism .
Atheism is the belief that there are no gods .
A person who believes there are no gods is called an atheist .
Atheism is not the same as agnosticism .
Agnostics say that there is no way to know whether gods exist or not .
Atheists often give reasons why they do not believe in a god or gods .
A person who rejects the belief in deities is called an atheist .
Atheism is different from agnosticism .
Atheists often give reasons why they do not believe that a god or gods exist .
The position that there is at least one god is called theism .
Rejecting the idea of theism is atheism .
Agnostics say that there is no way to know whether gods exist or not .
They have been used more often in philosophical writing and in Catholic beliefs .
The emigrants have to give him money to be able to go on the ship .
The shipowner is greedy and takes the money the insurance pays for the ship .
Strong atheism is the explicit affirmation that gods do not exist .
They have been used more often in the philosophical literature and in Catholic apologetics since at least 1813 .
The emigrants have to pay him to be able to board the ship .
The shipowner is greedy and collects the money the insurance pays for the ship .
One of these examples is that of a shipowner who transports emigrants .
The emigrants have to pay to be able to go on the ship .
The emigrants have to give him money to be able to go on the ship .
Atheism is when someone does not believe in gods .
A person who rejects belief in gods is called an atheist .
A person who rejects belief in deities is called an atheist .
It was built on islands in a lake .
People still use Aztec symbols in Mexico .
It was build on islands in a lake .
Some Aztec symbols can still be found in Mexico .
Herbert Hoover was the only other United States President to belong to the Quaker faith .
Nixon was very successful in foreign affairs .
He was chosen as the vice president under Richard Nixon when Spiro Agnew resigned because of taking bribes while Governor of Maryland .
Ford became the president when Nixon resigned due to the Watergate crisis .
No other president ever has lived to be that old .
Pedipalps are the two feelers on a spider 's face .
But the pedipalps are more similar to arms .
Pedipalps are the pair of feelers on a spider 's face .
The pedipalps are more like arms though .
Pedipalps are also used by male spiders for mating .
There are also different kinds of Starch like Laundry Starch which is a liquid that is made by mixing vegetable starch in water and it is used in washing clothes .
The reason there is starch in clothes is because it gives clothing a smooth and crisp feel .
There are also different kinds of Starch like Laundry Starch which is a liquid that is prepared by mixing vegetable starch in water and it is used in the laundering of clothes .
The reason there is starch in clothing is because it gives clothing a smooth and crisp edge .
Another word for picture is image .
A picture is group of colored points on a flat surface looks the same as something .
Photographs are made with cameras .
A camera makes a picture that looks very real .
Where are Pictures ?
A television shows you a picture by using light shined on a glass screen .
A regular camera makes a picture that looks very real .
This is called a movie .
A regular television shows you a picture by using light shined on a glass screen .
Fire can burn most string very fast .
The wax sometimes drips down the side of the candle .
The fire on a candle can be put out by blowing air on it .
There is also a special tool called a candle snuffer that covers the fire with a small metal cup and puts it out .
If someone puts fire on the string it will stay there for a long time .
Fire can burn normal string very fast .
You can stop the fire on a candle by blowing air on it from your mouth .
You can also use a special metal tool called a candle snuffer that covers the fire with a small metal cup and makes it stop .
Poisons are things that can make people sick .
People may even die if they eat poisons or come in contact with them .
Poisons are things that can make people sick or die if eaten or touched .
There are other types of dangerous materials .
Pollution also sometimes is poisonous .
In daily talk they are sometimes called Dad or Daddy .
Most animals including human beings are born from a mother and a father .
Creators or inventors are sometimes called fathers .
In daily talk they are called as Dad .
Most animals including human being are born from a mother and a father .
Creators or inventors are called fathers too .
In some religion like the Jewish religion or Christianity the God is called Father .
They sometimes live in trees and sometimes have poison .
Frogs are born as tadpoles from eggs .
They sometimes live in trees and have poison .
When they grow up they lose their tails and have four long legs .
A frog is an amphibian animal .
They belong to the order Anura .
A frog is a amphibian animal .
They are the order Anura .
Wood is the main substance in trees .
It is good to use for construction .
Then the frames are placed into the shape of a house .
Then the frames can be covered to make solid walls .
Wood is also used to make fences .
Paint protects and beautifies the wood .
Sometimes sculptures are built with wood .
Wood is what trees are made of .
This makes it good to use for making things .
Oak and Maple are famous kinds of wood .
Then the frames are put together into the shape of a house .
Then the frames can be covered up to make solid walls .
Wood is also used to make simple fences .
Paint keeps the wood safe and also makes it look nicer .
Sometimes wood is used to make sculptures .
No is a term that means an someone is denying or turning away something .
No is a term that means an individual is denying or turning away something .
I will not come with you on Saturday simmel .
I will not with you on Saturday simmel .
I will not come on you on Saturday simmel .
I will not come with you on Saturday simmel .
Archaelogists have found many old places in Devon with ancient buildings .
The Romans invaded Devon near AD 50 .
It was a long time before anyone else invaded Devon .
There was a big war between Devon and Wessex for 100 years .
Some historians think that Wessex won the war by about 715 .
DNA tests show that the ancestors of many people from Devon were Britons .
A person living at the time called William of Malmesbury said that in Exeter both Britons and Saxons were equal .
Archaeologists have found many old places in Devon with ancient buildings .
But there is also a story of King Athelstan of Wessex chasing the Britons from Exeter .
But there are almost no Celtic place names in Devon of the type found in Cornwall .
Archaelogists have found many old places in Devon with ancient buildings .
But there is also an account of King Athelstan of Wessex expelling the Britons from Exeter .
But there are virtually no Celtic place names in Devon of the type found in Cornwall .
Devon is a county of England .
It is sometimes called Devonshire although this is not its correct name .
But there are almost no Celtic place names in Devon of the type found in Cornwall .
Many languages changed their writing systems to the Roman alphabet from other ones .
Edmonton is the capital city of Alberta .
Edmonton is just north of the middle of Alberta in the prairie part of the province .
There are many farms close to Edmonton .
The city started as a trading post on the North Saskatchewan river .
Edmonton turned into a city mostly over the last 100 years .
Edmonton is the home of one of the world 's largest shopping malls .
This mall is called the West Edmonton Mall .
Many people visit the West Edmonton Mall .
Edmonton also has more sun than all other cities in Canada .
It is just north of the middle of Alberta in the prairie part of the province .
Most of the surrounding area is devoted to agriculture .
The city itself started as a trading post on the North Saskatchewan river .
It has developed into a city mostly over the last 100 years .
Edmonton is also the sunniest city in Canada .
But other cities are warmer than Edmonton .
The sun does not set until after 11 pm in June .
But this does not mean it is the hottest .
The city started as a trading post on the North Saskatchewan River .
The city started as a trading post on the North Saskatchewan river .
He may die a horrible death .
Jameson is a famous brand of Irish whisky .
It is amber in color and quite strong .
It is an alcoholic beverage .
Jameson is a famous brand of Irish Whisky .
It is amber in Colour and quite strong .
Jameson is a famous brand of Irish whisky .
It is amber in color and quite strong .
It is an alcoholic beverage .
In Ireland people refer to it as Jemmie .
Psychologists are people who practice or work in the field of Psychology .
A psychologist may work in either basic research or in applied research .
Basic research is investigating an area of interest simply because he or she wants to know more about it .
Psychology has many different divisions or areas of study and practice .
Then the person goes to graduate school .
Psychology has many different divisions or areas of study .
It studies both humans and animals .
Many people believe chopsticks were invented in ancient China .
In many other countries chopsticks are often found in restaurants of those countries ' cuisines .
In Japan people use chopsticks on the funeral ceremony of Buddhists .
Chopsticks are thought invention in the ancient China .
In other countries chopsticks are often found in restaurans of those cuisines .
In Japan people use chopsticks on the funeral celemony of Buddhists .
In Japan people use chopsticks during the funeral ceremony of Buddhists .
In Japan people use chopsticks on the funeral ceremony of Buddhists .
Turn the upper stick up and down towards the stationary lower stick .
Hold the chopstick at different angles if necessary in order to feel comfortable with two sticks between your fingers .
Pivot the upper stick up and down towards the stationary lower stick .
Readjust your grip if necessary .
They are also known as .
This is what is usually printed on disposable chopsticks .
This discovery may mean there was some form of trade between the Middle East and Asia in early antiquity .
This discovery may reveal the existence of a trade relationship between the Middle East and Asia in early antiquity or may be an independent parallel development .
Today in China and neighboring countries people use chopsticks .
When people are eating with chopsticks they usually do n't use a knife and fork .
When people are eating with chopsticks they usually do n't also use a knife and fork .
Chopsticks are sticks used in pairs that are used to pick up food .
In other countries chopsticks are often found in restaurants of those countries ' cuisines .
Chopsticks are sticks used in pairs that carry food from a plate or bowl to the eater 's mouth .
In many other countries chopsticks are often found in restaurants of those countries ' cuisines .
A king is made by putting one plain piece on top of another .
A king is made by putting two plain pieces on top of each other .
The darker color moves first .
Sometimes a player may have the option or a choice of which opponent piece he must jump .
A player can use one piece to jump many times in one turn .
Sometimes a player can jump in different ways .
Then he can choose how to jump .
People can find a Sinagogue and many Christian churches too .
In the same way as Yokohama Kobe has been a place from where foreign culture was introduced into Japan .
He planned it would serve as a trade and political center of Japan .
Kiyomori relied his political influence on the trade between Japan and China .
But his plan failed and Kobe stayed a small village during a long time .
The northern area of Kobe is an industrial area .
Sake production in Nada district has been known from the Edo period .
Nagata district in the southwest area of Kobe was a center of shoe production in Japan but production suffered because of destruction caused by the Earthquake .
Its northern part is hillious including Rokko mountain .
People can find Sinagogue and many Christian churches too .
As same as Yokohama Kobe has been a place from where foreign culture have introduced into Japan .
He planed it would served a trade and political center of Japan .
Kiyomori relied his political influence on the trade between China .
But his plan was failed and Kobe stayed a small village during a long time .
The northern area of Kobe is industrial area .
Sake product in Nada district has been known from the Edo period .
Nagata district in the southwest area of Kobe was a center of shoes product in Japan but production have been suffered by destruction because of the Earthquake .
He developed the idea of a system in which each worker has the duty to do one small part of the process of making something .
He developed the idea of system in which each worker has the duty to do one small part of the process of making something .
The khans who came after him would make Mongolia into the largest empire in human history .
It is still not known exactly where Genghis is buried .
His successors would expand Mongol dominions into the largest empire in human history .
This incident cemented his position as head of the household .
This higher social standing made it easier to solicit help from and eventually consolidate the other Mongol tribes .
His father 's job was to make and fix shoes .
During his studies he started reading about the ideas of Karl Marx .
He left school and joined the groups that were trying to start a revolution to remove the Tsar .
They wanted a different type of government .
He had a number of clerical and management jobs in the Communist Party .
In 1922 he became General Secretary .
He was able to give jobs to people he liked in the Communist Party .
These supporters helped him become the leader after Vladimir Lenin died in 1924 .
He stayed in power by removing anyone he thought might be a threat to him .
This form of communism was later called Stalinism .
His left arm was also shorter because of a childhood accident .
He was educated at the Gori church school .
He left school in 1899 and got a job at the Tbilisi Physical Institute .
He joined up with groups that were trying to start a revolution to remove the Tsar .
The police raided his house in 1901 while hunting for people who opposed the government .
Stalin escaped but went into hiding so the police could not find him .
He organized anti government activities such as May Day marches and protests .
The secret police caught him in April 1902 and exiled him without trial to Siberia .
He lived in the village of Novaya Uda .
Stalin was disappointed to find that Lenin was just an ordinary man .
The government arrested and exiled Stalin several times in the next ten years .
This increased his power in the Bolshevik party and he was elected to the Central Committee of the party in 1912 .
He had a number of organizational jobs in the Communist Party .
During his studies he started reading about the ideas of Karl Marx .
He left school and joined the groups that were trying to start a revolution to remove the Tsar .
He had a number of clerical and management jobs in the Communist Party .
His father made and fixed shoes .
His father was often drunk and used to hit his wife and his son until his death in a fight in 1890 .
Joseph had smallpox when he was young .
This left his face scarred .
His left arm was also shorter because of an accident .
This included books by Karl Marx .
He joined groups that were trying to start a revolution to remove the Tsar .
He became a Bolshevik .
He soon escaped from Siberia .
This led to many later claims that he was a police spy .
Lenin was not what Stalin had expected .
He stayed in power by removing anyone he thought might be a threat to him .
His father 's job was to make and fix shoes .
His left arm was also shorter because of a childhood accident .
He joined up with groups that were trying to start a revolution to remove the Tsar .
He organized anti government activities such as May Day marches and protests .
Stalin was disappointed to find that Lenin was just an ordinary man .
San Marino is one of the smallest countries in the world .
The dominant industry in San Marino is tourism .
People in San Marino speak the Italian language .
San Marino is one of the smallest counties in the world .
The major industries in San Marino is tourism .
San Marino is not a member of the European Union but the euro is used in San Marino .
People speak the Italian language .
Funeral is an official ceremony of burying someone who has died .
Funeral is an official ceremony of burying someone who died .
There are lots of different traditions that different religions use .
There is a rumor that some people have bells over the grave so if they get buried alive they can ring it and they will get dug up .
Sometimes at funerals the deads family or friends want to pray or say something nice about who died .
When people buy stone gravestones it is probably because when the dead is buried they dont want bugs get through the coffin and eating at the dead .
Headstones are bought so that everyone can see who has been buried in a specific grave .
Present day funeral or memorial services now focus on celebrations of life instead of dwelling on the sad aspects of death .
Memorial folders or prayer cards are handed out at many funeral services and this to is a way to personalize a funeral service .
Headstones are purchased to identify the person who has been buried in a specific grave .
They usually tell the date of birth and the date of death .
These words from a student in early 2003 set me off on a quest to resolve a problem that has for centuries defeated teacher and student alike .
There is no apparent logic behind phrasal verbs I told him you will just have to memorise them like everyone else .
One of the principle problems we faced was the question of what constitutes a phrasal verb .
Here we have key elements of street theater dating from medieval times that continue to be widely represented in many parts of rural England and can be seen in the performances of today 's Morris Dancers .
Morris Dancing is a traditional pastime in many parts of England performed in the open air as a form of street theater .
I see she 's going around with that boy again .
Slap means to hit with the open hand to cause a painful stinging sensation but little or no damage .
From this comes the expression slapstick comedy .
The dancing appears to have only two reasons for being .
Some verb show an endeavor to do something by the subject but we do not know if the attempt was successful or the goal was attained .
Therefore who are these aggressive apprentices ?
At fourteen the page became an esquire .
The tournaments were very popular and drew large crowds and knights and esquires from all parts of the country and even abroad .
This was a law that restricted any knight attending a tournament to a maximum of three squires .
So here we see that these young men at times were a serious problem and often out of control .
If you do not know if a phrasal verb is separable or inseparable ALWAYS use a noun or noun phrase and do not try to separate the verb .
If you are do not know if a phrasal verb is separable or inseparable ALWAYS use a noun or noun phrase and do not try to separate the verb .
Phrasal Verb is the name given to an English verb which is composed of two or three words .
Sometimes a phrasal verb can have a meaning that is very different to the meaning of at least one of those two or three words separately .
I 'll have to buy some more .
Farmers have to get up early in the morning .
He took off his coat after coming into the house .
There are four different types of phrasal verbs .
If you do not know if a phrasal verb is separable or inseparable ALWAYS use a noun or noun phrase and do not try to separate the verb .
Atlantis may also mean the 2001 movie .
But the spread of the naming could also be from the view of the cities of the Hanseatic League .
They lived in the Dutch city Amsterdam in World War II .
Someone told the Nazis where she and her family were hiding .
Then the Nazis took them to a concentration camp in Germany .
There Anne and the rest of her family died .
The only family member who did not die was Anne 's father Otto .
Someone told the Nazis where she and her family were hiding they were transported to a concentration camp in Germany .
There Anne and the rest of her familie died .
The only family member who survived was Anne 's father Otto .
It became one the world 's most widely read works .
Miep agreed to help .
Nazi soldiers came into the Frank 's secret hiding place .
Miep and Elli agreed to help .
Nazi soldiers came into the secret annex .
The Buonapartes were a wealthy family from the Corsican nobility .
Napoleon changed his name so it sounded more French .
Napoleon was able to enter the military academy at Brienne in 1779 .
Napoleon was able to spend much of the next eight years in Corsica .
There he played an active part in political and military matters .
Napoleon was promoted in the military .
The French Revolution caused much fighting and disorder in France .
He helped the French republic from those who supported the former king of France .
He became a general in the French army .
He led troops in Italy and he began to gain fame and power .
The French needed to threaten Britain 's empire in India and the Directory 's concerns that Napoleon would take control of France .
The Egyptian campaign was a military failure .
Napoleon went back to France due to a change in the French government .
Some believe that Napoleon should not have left his soldiers in Egypt .
Napoleon helped lead the Brumaire coup of November 1799 .
France was still at war most of Europe .
Peace was gained for a short time after the Battle of Marengo .
Bonaparte changed many ways of life in France and did mostly good things .
Napoleon was elected Consulate for life by the French people in 1802 and Emperor of France in 1804 .
Europe was not at peace for long .
Fighting resumed .
Early on Napoleon won many battles like the Battle of Austerlitz .
Napoleon made his relatives rulers of some of the countries he beat .
The French navy was kept firmly in check by British navy .
The British victory at the Battle of Trafalger made the British control the ocean and sea .
Napoleon made his brother ruler of Spain .
This caused some in Spain to begin guerilla warfare against the French .
Many people were upset that he divorced Josephine .
The Russians retreated and Napoleon 's forces reached Moscow .
They had no food and the Russian winter began .
The Russians began to attack .
Napoleon and his army had to go back to France .
He went into exile on the small island of Elba in the Mediterranean Sea .
His former troops joined him and he again became ruler of France for a period of 100 days .
Napoleon was defeated at the Battle of Waterloo .
Historians have frequently used the Corsican affair as a microcosm of Napoleon 's career .
Commentators have considered this an unusual match ever since .
In 1796 France attacked Austria .
Was he a tortured genius or a blunderer with luck on his side ?
He helped the French Republic from those who supported the former king of France .
The French needed to threaten Britain 's empire in India and the French Directory 's concerns that Napoleon would take control of France .
Napoleon went back to France because of a change in the French government .
France was still at war with most of Europe .
Napoleon became First Consul for Life in 1802 and Emperor of France in 1804 .
This means that he was essentially a dictator .
The British victory at the Battle of Trafalger let the British control the ocean and sea .
Napoleon made his brother the ruler of Spain .
His former troops joined him and he again became ruler of France for a length of 100 days .
Napoleon was sent to the island of Saint Helena off the coast of Africa .
He helped the French republic from those who supported the former king of France .
The French needed to threaten Britain 's empire in India and the Directory 's concerns that Napoleon would take control of France .
Napoleon went back to France due to a change in the French government .
France was still at war most of Europe .
Napoleon was elected Consulate for life by the French people in 1802 and Emperor of France in 1804 .
Early on Napoleon won many battles like the Battle of Austerlitz .
The British victory at the Battle of Trafalger made the British control the ocean and sea .
Napoleon made his brother ruler of Spain .
His former troops joined him and he again became ruler of France for a period of 100 days .
The Pythagorean theorem says that the area of a square on the hypotenuse is equal to the sum of the areas of the squares on the legs .
The Pythagorean theorem states that the area of a square on the hypotenuse is equal to the sum of the areas of the squares on the legs .
The temperature of the human body is close to 37 C or 98 F.
Isotherm maps are used to show how temperature is different across an area .
Isotherm maps are used to show the distribution pattern of temperature in an area .
Temperature is also important in weather and climate .
Temperature is also an important in weather and climate .
The temperature inside the human body is close to 37 C or 98 F.
It was made by Larry Ewing in year 1996 .
It was created by Larry Ewing in year 1996 .
It was given away for free at civil registry offices during the time when the Nazi government had power Germany .
It was given away for free at civil registry offices during the Nazi Regime time in Germany .
There were several editions between 1925 and 1945 .
This was done to clarify those parts of the text that were unclear .
This resulted in agenocide known as The Holocaust .
Hilter wanted to unite Austria with Germany .
The Soviet Union should be split into parts .
This was done to clarify parts of the text that were unclear .
This must have been done by Ghostwriters around Hitler .
Hilter wanted to merge Austria with Germany .
The soviet union should be split into parts .
Venezuela 's inhabitants are very racially mixed .
This comes from the colonial period .
They just worked for food .
The native people were taught the roman catholic religion .
Lingerie is also among the exports of Colombia .
There are a few armed conflicts in Colombia .
Most rebel groups finance their operation with the trade of illegal drugs .
Lingerie is also among the exports of Colombia .
The Republic of Colombia is a country in South America .
Medellin is the only city in Colombia that has a metro system of trains people can ride to work .
Another city in the Cauca region of Colombia is Cali .
Cali is famous for its beautiful women .
Cartagena and Barranquila are beautiful cities with old buildings by the water on the coast .
Colombia also has islands in the Caribbean such as San Andres y providencia .
Colombia is a tropical country .
Many different fruits and vegetables grow in Colombia .
Colombia is the only country in South America that has a coast on the Pacific Ocean and on the Atlantic Ocean .
Many people used to think Colombia was a dangerous country because there was war between the government and people selling drugs .
This is not as bad as it used to be .
Many people travel from city to city by bus and there are large bus terminals in each major city .
The Colombian airline is called Avianca and flies to many cities .
It is the second oldest airline in the world .
Colombia just had an election in May 2006 and the president Alvaro Uribe was elected again .
He will be president until 2010 .
Alvaro Uribe was the first president in Colombia to win a second election in over 100 years .
Colombia is also connected to the country of Panama in Central America .
The border region or area between Panama and Colombia is called the Darien .
Most people think this is a dangerous area .
The Darien has jungle and it is hard to travel or cross the border here .
Colombia also has some of the most beautiful cities in the world .
He went back to Holland in 1636 .
He went north to Japan in 1640 .
In 1642 Tasman went south to Palembang .
The ships then sailed west and discovered New Zealand .
Tasman then sailed north east to Tonga and Fiji before turning north west to New Guinea and getting back to Batavia in June 1643 .
The description on and licensing information is visible below .
Please see the for licensing information .
A programming language type of written language that tells computers what to do .
Programming languages are used to make all computer programs and computer software .
A programming language is like a set of instructions that the computer follows to do something .
A programmer writes source code text in the programming language to create programs .
Many programming languages use punctuation just like a normal language .
Computer programs must be written very carefully .
Most languages have official standards that define the rules of how to write the source code .
This program asks the user his or her age and responds based on what the user typed .
If the user typed a correct age the program says back to the user how old he or she is .
A programmer writes a set of instructions in the language .
A programming language is not a spoken language .
Many programming languages adhere to a design philosophy that tells the people who made the language how to make it all work together .
Programming languages can be interpreted or compiled .
A programming language is a type of written language that tells computers what to do .
A programming language type of written language that tells computers what to do .
The BASIC language is said to be easier to read than other languages .
The BASIC language is generally considered easier to read than other languages .
The Earth is the only planet that we know has organisms .
The Earth is the only planet so far with life .
Most of Azerbaijan 's land is located in Western Asia and is called an Asian country by the United Nations .
He described in his writing the Greek or geocentric view of the universe .
He also thought out and described the apparent motions of the planets as they were known in his time .
He was influential up to the 16th century when his ideas were disproved by Nicolaus Copernicus .
He codified the Greek geocentric view of the universe .
He also rationalized the apparent motions of the planets as they were known in his time .
Ptolemy synthesized and extended Hipparchus 's system of epicycles and eccentric circles to explain his geocentric theory of the solar system .
He was influential up to the 16th century where his theories were disproved by Nicolaus Copernicus .
The Ptolemaic explanation of the motions of the planets remained the accepted wisdom until the Polish scholar Copernicus proposed a heliocentric view in 1543 .
People thought he wrote secret letters to the Germans .
But the army did not want to admit that it had been wrong .
They refused to free him .
Dreyfus was released .
Others thought that the army could not be questioned .
So Dreyfus was released .
The other side believed that Jews could be good citizens just like any other Frenchmen .
People thought he wrote letters to the Germans telling them about secrets of the French army .
People thought he wrote secret letters to the Germans .
Baseball is a sport you play with two teams .
Teams get points by running and touching markers on the ground called bases .
Baseball is a team sport .
Teams get points by running and touching the bases .
The bases are markers on the ground .
The ball itself is also called a baseball .
Baseball is a sport played with two teams .
Teams get points by running and touching markers on the ground called bases .
More people go to United States Major League Baseball games than go to see all the other team sports .
Each team has nine players .
Only one player can bat at a time .
He must throw it close enough for the batter to hit .
After ball four !
The batter stands near home plate and tries to hit the ball with a bat .
The batter must have a good aim with the bat .
His job is to hit the ball so the batting team can get some runs .
His job is to catch any ball that the batter does not hit .
So the center fielder does not need to be a great batter .
Since the people began to have more leisure time baseball has been seen as the national pastime of America .
In the United States currently about 12 Million people play baseball .
Baseball is a team sport .
Teams gets points by running and touching the bases .
The bases are markers on the ground .
The ball itself is also called a baseball .
Each team has nine players each .
There are also some people who make sure everyone follows the rules .
The batter stands near home plate and tries to hit the ball with a bat .
The batter 's job is to hit the ball so the batting team can get some runs .
The catcher 's job is to catch any ball that the batter does not hit .
So the center fielder does n't need to be a great batter .
A ball that is hit with a bat and flies in between the foul lines is a fair ball .
They are called umpires .
The lines from home plate to first base and home plate to third base make the foul lines .
There are usually four umpires in major league games with one standing near each base .
There are usually four umpires in major league games with one stationed near each base .
Even Adonai is only said in prayer .
Modern scholars conjecture that it was pronounced Yahweh .
In English it is written as YHVH or YHWH depending on transliteration convention .
The idea of life was traditionally connected with the name YHVH from medieval times .
The name Yahweh is likely to be the origin of the Yao of Gnosticism .
A few also think it might be cognate to Yaw of Ugaritic texts .
This name is cognate to the name of the Greek god Adonis which is a borrowing from Phoenician .
Orthodox Jews never pronounce it for any reason .
In a few cases where Lord YHVH appears the combination is written as Lord GOD .
A common name of God in the Hebrew Bible is Elohim .
The word elohim probably had an origin in a plural grammatical form .
In the great majority of cases both are used as names of the one God of Israel .
The word El appears in other northwest Semitic languages such as Phoenician and Aramaic and in Akkadian ilu as an ordinary word for god .
But the doubling in Hebrew might possibly be secondary .
See Documentary hypothesis .
It appears chiefly in poetic and later Biblical passages .
This compound divine name occurs chiefly in the prophetic literature and does not appear at all in the Pentateuch or in Joshua or Judges .
The Latin spelling Sabaoth and the large golden grape vine with golden grape clusters over the door on the Herodian temple led to identification by Romans with the god Sabazius .
Other authorities claim that the whole phrase forms one name .
The I AM THAT I AM of the Authorized Version is based on this view .
The name Yah is composed of the first letters of YHVH .
The Rastafarian Jah may derive from this .
Before transcribing any of the divine names he prepares mentally to sanctify them .
Adonai sometimes refers to a distinguished person .
It played a big role in the war effort in the First and Second World Wars .
It played a big role in the war effort in World Wars I and II .
Recent plans have turned Birmingham into a city with a good future .
Some states wanted to make their own decision about slavery .
The South was hurt the most because most of the war was fought there .
The Union Army stayed in some Southern states for many years .
This time is called Reconstruction .
The 14th Amendment made it clear that all people born in the United States are citizens and that their rights can not be taken away unless they do something illegal .
The 15th Amendment said that citizens can not be kept from voting because of their race .
The South was hurt the most as most of the war was fought there .
The South 's economy was hurt very badly .
The Union Army stayed in the South in different states for several years .
This time is called Reconstruction .
The 14th amendment made it clear that all people born in the United States are citizens with equal rights that could not be taken away without legal action .
The 15th amendment made it so all citizens of all races and color were able to vote .
A series of constitutional amendments were made by the US government and passed with enough support from the people .
The 14th Amendment makes it clear that all people born in the United States are citizens with equal rights that can not be taken away unless they do something illegal .
The 15th Amendment says that citizens can not be kept from voting because of their race .
A series of constitutional amendments were made by the US government .
The 14th Amendment made it clear that all people born in the United States are citizens with equal rights that can not be taken away unless they do something illegal .
The 15th Amendment said that citizens can not be kept from voting because of their race .
Much of the work on big farms was done by these slaves .
These states were called free states .
States where the law said someone could own slaves were called slave states .
People in the South who owned slaves were afraid of people who said they wanted to make it a crime to own slaves in all parts of the United States .
Another thing that led to bad feelings between the North and South was the fact that life was very different in the North than in the South .
Many people in the North lived in cities and worked in factories .
They wanted policies and laws that helped their economy .
He put Grant in control of all the Union armies .
The slave owners in the South were also fearful of some people who said they wanted to make it a crime to own slaves in all parts of the United States .
The invasion was stopped by the Union and Lee and the Confederate Union were made to go back to the South .
He put Grant in control of all Union armies .
The war was won by the North and helped to get rid of slavery .
The war was won by the North and helped to get rid of slavery .
The war was won by the North and was instrumental in the abolition of slavery .
The North won the war .
The war was won by the North .
The American Civil War was fought from 1861 to 1865 in the United States .
Fighting started when the Confederates bombarded a Union fort within the territory claimed by the Confederacy .
The American Civil War was a war fought from 1861 to 1865 in the United States .
Eleven southern slave states joined together as the Confederate States of America and fought for their independence from the United States .
Fighting started when the Confederates bombarded a Union fort within their claimed territory .
Union victory resulted in the end of slavery in the United States .
Tutankhamun is famous as the only pharaoh to have his tomb found with nearly everything he was buried with .
A pharaoh is like a king .
Tutankhamun is famous as the only pharaoh to have his tomb found with nearly everything in it that he was buried with .
Ay also succeeded him as Pharoah .
This was probably from a riding accident .
Most scientists now think that Tutankhamun died because his broken leg got infected .
It could have become infected and caused his death .
Tutankhamun is famous as the only pharaoh to have his tomb found with nearly everything he was buried with .
Some scientists thought Tutankhamun was killed by someone else .
This was probably from a riding accident .
Most scientists now think that Tutankhamun died because his broken leg got infected .
The countries that have Spanish as a official language are called the Hispanic countries .
The Spanish language is one of theRomance language that came from the Latin language .
It is the most common Romance language .
The Spanish language is one of the most common Romance language that came from the Latin language .
The Spanish language is one of the Romance languages that derived from the Latin language .
The Spanish language is one of theRomance language that came from the Latin language .
Diamonds are made deep in the earth where there is a lot of pressure and heat which make the diamond form .
Diamonds are made deep in the earth .
Diamonds must be made under immense amounts of pressure and heat causing the diamond to form .
Thanksgiving is a holiday in the USA when people give thanks .
It is celebrated on the fourth Thursday of November .
Americans usually eat turkey on this day .
The Pilgrims were early settlers on the east coast of North America .
They had to work hard to find or grow their own food .
They thanked God and they also thanked the native Americans for helping them learn how to grow food .
The first official Thanksgiving had nothing to do with Pilgrims or Indians sharing meals .
The first Thanksgiving had nothing to do with Pilgrims or Indians sharing meals .
Micheal Jackson was a gay European that dreamed of eating socks .
Jacques Cartier was a French trader and explorer .
He sailed three times to Canada looking for gold .
European countries raced to take the land and riches from the New World .
Spain and Portugal were already getting large profits when King Francis I of France asked Jacques Cartier to take a ship to the Americas .
Cartier sailed to what is now Canada in 1534 .
One of the overnight depots was at Nyngan becuase it is about half way between Dubbo and Bourke .
The new route runs beside the railway .
The railway is a direct line from Dubbo to Nyngan .
There is not a single bend for almost 160 kilometres .
One of the overnight depots was at Nyngan being approximately half way between Dubbo and Bourke .
Latin has almost the same structure as Ancient Greek .
Latin has almost the same structure as Ancient Greek .
A noun can be declined five different ways .
These ways are called declensions .
Latin has almost the same structure as Ancient Greek .
A noun can be declined five different ways .
The two other cases are the vocative case and the locative case .
A noun can be declined five different ways .
These ways are called declensions .
Latin has almost the same structure as Ancient Greek .
A noun can be declined five different ways .
These ways are called declensions .
During the Middle Ages trade between countries become much bigger .
A needle is a small tool used to push or pull a thread through a small hole .
It is most often used to make clothing and footwear .
The needle consists of a short stick with a sharp point at one end and hole for the thread at the other end .
A Needle is a small tool used to push or pull a thread through a small hole .
The small hole might be in some clothing or footwear that the toolholder is trying to make .
The needle consists of a long stick with a sharp point at one end and hole for the thread at the other end .
It is easier said than done .
It 's easier said than done .
Making an ancient needle would have been quite difficult .
In the Northern Hemisphere winter extends from December 1 to February 28 .
In the Southern Hemisphere winter extends from June 1 to August 31 .
In the Northern Hemisphere winter extends from 1 November to 28 February .
In the Southern Hemisphere winter extends from 1 March to 30 June .
The days become shorter and the nights become longer .
Some animals hibernate during this season .
The days grow shorter and the nights grow longer .
Some animals tend to hibernate during this season .
Normally it is snowing .
Life becomes difficuilt .
Some countries use chemicals that cause controversy .
One or more of those firing may have false ammunition that does not kill .
They are then dropped from a height .
They die because their neck is broken or through asphyxiation .
Opponents of the death penalty protest outside prisons where criminals are being killed .
Opponents of the death penalty protest outside prisons where criminals are being executed .
Mining is the process of taking things from the ground .
Mining is the taking out of things from the ground .
Be serious and do not touch the condom with a sharp instrument such as a sharp fingernail .
Air pockets can break the condom .
Have a great time .
Be serious and do not touch condom with sharp instrument such as a sharp fingernail .
Air pockets can burst the condom .
They also slip off very rarely .
The Wordl Health Organisation says that condoms work the way they should in 97 out of a 100 cases .
The studdy looked at people who always used conddoms for a year .
Saboteurs usually pierce the condom 's tip multiple times before intercourse .
They say that using a condom to prevent a pregancy is bad .
Rather than using a condom natural methods should be used to prevent pregancy .
Such methods include to choose the time of the month carefully .
They leave it to those invovled to choose the correct means .
As well as male condom they increase protection for partners from pregnancy and STD 's .
Female condoms look like a sheath with a flexible ring on both sides of this sheath .
With these rings the condom is attached to the vagina .
It covers the vagina and cervix to prevent sperm from getting inside the woman 's urethra .
It is necessary to know that female and male condom should not be used at the same time .
As well as male condom it increases protection for partners from pregnancy and STD 's .
Female condom looks like a sheath with a flexible ring on both sides of this sheath .
With these rings condom is attached to vagina .
It covers vagina and cervix to prevent sperm from getting inside woman 's urethra .
It is necessary to know that female and male condom should not be used one at once .
During the World War I people thought the name Sankt Peterburg was too German and .
The historical city center is on the UNESCO list of world heritage sites .
Those famous buildings include the Hermitage Museum and the Winter Palace .
The historical city center was registered in the UNESCO list of world heritage sites .
Those famous buildings include Hermitage Museum and Winter Palace .
There are also beautiful buildings built by Russian emperors in other places of the city .
There are also pretty buildings built by Russian emperors in other places of the city .
Things that avoid pain are also good .
Hedonism is focused around pleasure .
Also things that avoid pain are good .
Hedonism talks about pleasure .
The Shinkansen are run by the many companies of Japan Railway .
The Statue of Liberty is made out of copper that has reacted with the air .
People think that growth of the city comes from building the university in the city .
The university is one of 62 elected members of the Association of American Universities .
About UF .
University of Florida .
The university traces its institutional roots to 1853 .
University of Florida .
UF is home to 16 colleges and more than 150 research centers and institutes .
UF Ranks Number One in Public Universities ' Enrollment of National Merit and National Achievement Scholars .
University of Florida .
University of Florida Admissions Packet 2007 .
Researchers at the University of Florida were responsible for developing the famous sports drink Gatorade .
The history of Gatorade .
Academic Ranking of World Universities .
The Washington Monthly ranked the University of Florida as 37th overall in its 2006 National College Ranking .
For 2007 Newsweek ranked UF one of the Top 25 Hottest Schools .
Top 25 Hottest Schools According to the world Webometrics rankings UF was the 21st best overall .
UF participates in the NCAA sports programs .
University of Florida Athletics .
University of Florida .
In all the University of Florida has earned 27 total National Championships .
The Age Change .
His offer was accepted and the current site of the University of Florida was in place .
It is not on the present campus of UF today .
The Heritage Collection .
Another precursor to the University of Florida was the Florida Agricultural College established at Lake City in 1884 by Jordan Probst .
The 1905 Buckman Act consolidated the colleges of the state .
Buckman Hall Quick Facts .
The Buckman Act provided for the creation of the State University System of Florida and the Florida Board of Control to govern the affairs of the system .
It also called for the merger of several institutions into the new University of the State of Florida .
In 1909 the name of the school was shortened to the University of Florida .
The alligator was chosen as the school mascot in 1911 .
University of Florida .
He is the only man with a statue on the campus .
Shands Hospital first opened in 1958 along with the medical school .
Rapid campus expansion began in the 1950s and continues to the present day .
New York Times .
The acceptance rate at UF has trended downward as the applicant pool has become larger and more competitive .
Selectivity at the state 's top university is expected to heighten as UF continues to work toward becoming one of the nation 's Top 10 public universities .
These universities assert that Early Decision admissions forces students to accept an offer of admission before evaluating the financial aid offers from multiple universities .
It should be noted that a leading college board states that any prospective student should not apply under an Early Decision plan if he or she plans to weigh offers and financial aid packages from several colleges later in the spring .
The University of Florida 's single application deadline will be set for November 1 .
It is also important to note that UF boasts a history of 12 Rhodes Scholars .
The University of Florida has also been home to numerous top Olympians throughout the years .
Nearly 150 active and retired NFL football players .
More than two dozen faculty are members of the National Academies of Science and Engineering and the Institute of Medicine or counterpart in a foreign nation .
Some 50 biotechnology companies have resulted from faculty research programs .
The University of Florida also houses one of the world 's leading lightning research teams .
UF is also host to a nuclear research reactor which is known for its Neutron Activation Analysis Laboratory .
University of Florida Academics University of Florida .
Honors at the bachelors degree level are determined by rules set by the student 's College and major .
Bernie 's salary could be better spent The Independent Florida Alligator Online .
The University of Florida School of Medicine was founded in 1958 and conferred its first degrees in 1962 .
The Panhellenic Council is made up of 16 sororities .
Christian Fraternity Rush Independent Florida Alligator .
Christian Fraternity Independent Florida Alligator .
Florida offers intramural and club sports ranging from archery to weightlifting .
The University of Florida Campus Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 .
Epworth Hall was deeded to the first United Methodist Church of Gainesville in 1911 .
Epworth Hall .
Alachua County Library District Heritage Collection .
The university is also the first American university to receive a European Union grant to house a Jean Monnet Centre of Excellence .
The Libraries of the University of Florida form the largest information resource system in the state of Florida .
Increasingly collections are digital and are accessible on the Internet via the library web page or the library catalog .
See the full list of UF Libraries and see the digital collections .
The Florida athletic program has ranked among the nation 's top ten in each of the last 23 years and in the top five for 12 of the past 17 .
Florida is one of only two schools that has ranked among the top 10 athletic programs for the last 23 years .
The Florida Gator football team first took the field in 1906 .
The Gators earned nation wide recognition in the 1920s with several fantastic finishes and wins .
The 1930s and 1940 's were not nearly as kind to the Gators .
Coach Ray Graves brought UF unprecedented success in the 1960s .
The 1970s were a time of promise and disappointment for UF .
UF then had consecutive top 10 finishes and claimed first place in the SEC standings in 1984 and 1985 .
The 1984 title was stripped by the SEC for NCAA sanctions .
Wuerffel would also claim UF 's second Heisman Trophy .
UF also claimed the most SEC wins by any school in a decade at 73 and is considered a dynasty by the NCAA from 1990 to 2001 .
The University of South Carolina has also become a rival since the hiring of Steve Spurrier as their head coach .
The Sporting News named Florida as the top college crowd in the nation and gave Florida Field the honor of the nation 's loudest stadium .
Starting quarterback Chris Leak was awarded the honor of being the game 's Most Valuable Player .
The UF men 's basketball squad has also come to prominence in recent years .
They went to the Final Four in 1994 under coach Lon Kruger .
Joakim Noah was named MVP of the tournament .
Florida joined Kentucky and Alabama as the only schools to have won three consecutive SEC Tournaments .
This is similar to acts of racism seen throughout history .
Many people think Schumacher is one of the best race drivers in the world .
Michael 's younger brother Ralf is also a Formula 1 driver .
Michaels younger brother Ralf is likewise in the formula 1 active .
Some people think Schumacher is one of the best race drivers in the world .
Many people think Schumacher is one of the best race drivers in the world .
The Axis countries is a name for some countries that were friends during World War II .
They were evil dictatorships .
The Axis countries is a name for certain countries that were friends during World War II .
It is one of the lines known as a line of latitude .
The equator is halfway between the North Pole and the South Pole .
The equator is an line which is not real drawn around a planet .
It is halfway between the North Pole and the South Pole .
It can rise because exhaust thrust from the engine is bigger than the weight of the vehicle in relation to its weight on earth .
Unmanned rockets however are not bound by the gravitational limits of human operators .
Unmanned rockets however are not bound by the limits of humans .
Unmanned rockets however are not bound by the gravitational limits of humans .
Messiah or the Anointed One is the figure promised by God to the Jews for the salvation of the world .
The Jews think that the Messiah will be a human being that will save Israel and lead the whole world into the End Of Days and eternal peace .
Messiah or the Anointed One is the figure promised by God to the Jews for the salvation of the whole world .
The Jews think the Messiah will be a human being that will save Israel and lead the whole world into the End Of Days and eternal peace .
There are many shapes .
Some shapes are less simple .
Some shapes can not be made in real space .
Some shapes look unusual .
A polygon with one side and one vertex .
A polygone with one side and one vertex .
Their sides are made of straight or curved lines .
They can have any number of sides .
Plane figures made of lines are called polygons .
Triangles and squares are examples of polygons .
Their sides are made of flat or curved surfaces .
Some shapes are special .
These are two dimensional shapes or flat plane geometry shapes .
They can look like anything and can have any number of sides .
The sides can be straight or curved .
Triangles and squares are polygons .
The sides of these shapes are lines .
These are three dimensional shapes .
The sides of these shapes are surfaces .
Some of the shapes that can be made are special .
Some of them resulted from generalizing ideas from mathematics .
Most of them are less common than the shapes above .
There is also a vulgar language form which uses elements of this numerical spelling system together with a vocabulary derived from English .
Some words have numerical replacements in their standard form .
Certain words are deliberately mispelled while writing in leet .
It is very seldom that examples of leet will follow the rules of the English language .
Is also used commonly in IRC .
In addition some other typing symbols are used to create a small number of letters that give a unique visual style .
It has come to be used primarily as an expression of celebration .
It is very seldom that examples of l33t will follow the rules of the English language .
It is very seldom that examples of leet will follow the rules of the English language .
Certain words are deliberately mispelled while writing in leet .
Certain words are deliberately mispelled while writing in leet .
There is also a vulgar language form which uses elements of this numerical spelling together with words derived from English .
There is also a vulgar language form which uses elements of this numerical spelling system together with a vocabulary derived from English .
It is very seldom that examples of l33t will follow the rules of the English language .
There is also a language which uses parts of this number spelling with words based on English .
Many of these words are popular from internet communication .
This dialect is used in some places for humor .
One of the qualities of leet speak is using numbers to replace letters .
Many words have numbers leet speak .
Also other typing symbols are used to make letters that give another style .
There is also a language which uses elements of this numerical spelling together with words based on English .
Some words have numerical replacements in their standard form .
In addition some other typing symbols are used to create a small number of letters that give a unique visual style .
It 's most commonly written as 1337 or l33t .
It has turned into an Internet language which uses parts of this number spelling with words based on English .
Many of these words are popular from internet communication .
This dialect is used in some places for humor .
One of the qualities of leet speak is using numbers to replace letters .
Many words have numbers leet speak .
Also other typing symbols are used to make letters that give another style .
It has come to be used primarily as an expression of celebration .
Because some words are too long for use in games they have been verbalised .
A lot of the time it is used together with leet to make the meaning of a word stronger and to show lots of feeling .
They might do this to laugh at new people who do not write words with their keyboards well .
It comes from the word elite meaning better than everyone else .
Lots of the time it is written like 1337 or l33t .
This dialect is used in some places for funniness .
Because some words are too long for use in games they have been written how they sound .
It 's most commonly written as 1337 or l33t .
It has turned into an Internet language which uses parts of this number spelling with words based on English .
This dialect is used in some places for humor .
Because some words are too long for use in games they have been verbalised .
Leet speakers may also speak normally but with out the vowels .
Leet speakers may also speak normaly but with out the vowles .
The roar from the falling water is very big and the sound makes beautiful music .
Their roar is massive and creates beautiful music .
The biggest waterfall in the world is Angelfalls and is one of the best places in the world to go see .
Other people lived there before around 650 AD .
Nobody knew it was there until a man called Hiram Bingham found it in 1911 .
Nobody knew it existed until a man called Hiram Bingham found it in 1911 .
Mac OS X is like Unix but many people think it is prettier .
Mac OS X is like Unix but most people think it looks a lot better .
Some people do not like Mac OS X because they say it needs a powerful computer to run well and they think it should run on most computers like Windows and Linux do .
Some people do not like Mac OS X because they say it needs a powerful computer to run well and they think it should run on any computer like Linux does .
People have made it run on computers that are not Macs .
The next version is called Snow Leopard .
Many people who use Mac OS X like it because they say it has more features and is easier to use .
Some people do not like Mac OS X because they say it needs a powerful computer to run well and they think it should run on most computers like Windows and Linux do .
Their computer products are named Macintosh .
They also sell a popular line of portable music players named iPod and will soon begin selling a mobile phone named iPhone .
It 's main feature is a wide touchscreen that covers almost the whole phone .
Its main feature is a wide touchscreen that covers almost the whole phone .
The iPhone comes in 4 or 8 gigabyte versions and runs a special version of Mac OS X.
Their popular line of mobile music players are called iPods and a mobile phone they have released is called the iPhone .
Apple sell their products all around the world .
They do business around the world .
Apple was created in 1976 by Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak .
Apple was formed in 1976 by Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak .
It is the cheapest iPod available .
It has only basic music playback functions .
An iPod Shuffle can hold about 240 songs .
This means that ten dollars from each purchase of these iPods goes to help fight AIDS in Africa .
All iPod Shuffles cost 49 dollars and hold 240 songs .
Ten dollars from the purchase of these iPods go to fight AIDS in Africa .
One of the most popular products made by Apple is the iPod .
One of the most popular products by Apple are iPods .
Apple sells their products all around the world .
Apple sell their products all around the world .
It needs a lot of calculus in order to display on a 2 dimensional screen models in 3 dimensions .
It needs a lot of calculus in order to display models in 3 dimensions on a 2 dimensional screen .
It needs a lot of calculus in order to display on a 2 dimensional screen models in 3 dimensions .
It needs a lot of calculations in order to display models in 3 dimensions on a 2 dimensional screen .
It needs a lot of calculus in order to display models in 3 dimensions on a 2 dimensional screen .
Physicists think that these spaces add 6 or 7 invisible dimensions to our universe .
Quantum mechanics is a theory found in physics and chemistry .
It is a very accurate and successful theory supported by many experiments .
Some parts of the theory are controversial .
Some results from quantum mechanics seem to go against the theory of relativity .
Quantum Mechanics is a physical science dealing with the behavior of matter and electromagnetic waves on the scale of atoms and subatomic particles .
Early researchers differed in their explanations of the fundamental nature of what we now call electromagnetic radiation .
Sir Francis Newton believed that light consists of particles which he designated corpuscles .
In 1827 Thomas Young and Augustin Fresnel made experiments on interference that showed that a corpuscular theory of light was inadequate .
Then in 1873 James Clerk Maxwell showed that by making an electrical circuit oscillate it should be possible to produce electromagnetic waves .
Everything up to that point suggested that Newton had been entirely wrong to regard light as corpuscular .
Higher frequencies of light can cause electrons to move faster .
This appeared to raise a contradiction .
Light had been shown by earlier experiments to be a wave and now in other experiments it appeared to behave as a particle .
Planck actually was studying how the radiation of a body was related to its temperature in an attempt to devise a new radiation law .
Planck 's investigation ended up describing the energy of a wave in mathematical terms .
So he took a small segment of a wave or as he called it an oscillator to describe the wave 's total energy .
What he found concerning radiation and oscillators was really a description of electromagnetic waves .
Waves have crests and troughs .
A cycle is the return from one point such as the crest to the next crest .
He found that this single number was the same for waves of all frequencies .
This number is called Planck 's constant and represented as the letter h in physics formulas .
This discovery then seemed to particalize a wave .
These packets of energy along the wave were called quanta by Planck .
Quantum mechanics began with the discovery that energy is delivered in these packets whose size is related to the color or frequency of the light .
Light of one frequency delivers multiples of a certain unit amount designated as a quantum of energy .
Both the idea of a wave and the idea of a particle are derived from our everyday experience .
We can not see photons .
We can only investigate their properties indirectly .
In both cases we take concepts from our everyday experience and apply them to a world we have never seen .
Neither form of explanation is entirely satisfactory .
Planck 's constant originally represented the energy that a light wave carries as a function of its frequency .
This reduced version of Planck 's constant includes a conversion factor to make calculations involving angular frequencies easier to deal with .
A wave is made up of crests and troughs .
A degree is a unit of measure for the amount of turn needed to produce a certain arc at a given distance .
A sine curve is generated by a point on the circumference of a circle as that circle rotates .
So the reduced Planck 's constant gives the energy of a wave in units per radian instead of units per cycle .
The reduced Planck 's constant merely divides the single quantum of energy into mathematically manageable parts .
The reduced Planck 's constant is also referred to as Dirac 's constant .
The two constants are merely conversion factors between energy units and frequency units .
In 1897 the particle called the electron was discovered .
By means of the gold foil experiment physicists discovered that the nucleus was at the center of the atom .
So at first all scientists believed that the atom must be like a miniature solar system .
This account became known as the Bohr model of the atom .
Bohr basically theorized that electrons can only reside in certain orbits around the atom .
These orbits could be derived even before the 1931 development of the electron microscope by looking at the spectral lines produced by atoms .
Bohr 's theory showed electrons to be orbiting the nucleus of an atom in a way that was amazingly different from what we see in the world of our everyday experience .
He showed that when an electron changed orbits it did not move in a continuous trajectory from one orbit around the nucleus to another .
Each distance at which an electron can orbit is a function of a quantized amount of energy .
An orbital with the same value of n is called an electron shell .
Niels Bohr determined that it is impossible to describe light adequately either by sole use of either the wave analogy or of the particle analogy .
Louis de Broglie worked out the mathematical consequences of these findings .
It was also discovered that subatomic particles could sometimes be described as particles and sometimes as waves .
Therefore for Bohr 's atom the orbit is only stable if it meets the condition for a standing wave .
These vibrations are called standing waves .
The wave must be a continuous formation of crests and troughs all around the circle .
Werner Heisenberg developed the full quantum mechanical theory in 1925 at the young age of 24 .
He used a form of mathematics related to the mathematics of arrays of numbers known as matrices .
He worked from the observed atomic spectrum which only shows light emitted from electrons only at certain observed places .
The multiplication in his formula resulted in a type of mathematics that was used in special arrays of numbers called matrices .
Particles appeared to quantum jump due to Planck 's constant which showed energy delivered in packets along the wave .
Heisenberg was describing mathematically the intensity of a wave .
The intensity is the energy per unit volume multiplied by the velocity at which the energy is moving .
Amplitude is the maximum height of a wave crest or depth of a trough .
Amplitudes of position and momentum that have a period of 2 pi like a cycle in a wave are called Fourier series variables .
Max Born reviewed Heisenberg 's paper and recognized that this type of multiplication that could n't be described by the property of commutation known in normal arithmetic was called matrix mathematics .
No one prior to this had applied this type of mathematics to quantum mechanics and Heisenberg 's new matrix theory was able for the first time to fully calculate the quantum behavior of the electron and was later applied to all subatomic particles .
He came up with a wave equation that describes each electron as having a wavefunction .
These three properties were called collectively the wavefunction of the electron and are said to describe the quantum state of the electron .
Quantum state means the collective properties of the electron describing what we can say about its condition at a given time .
The three properties of Schroedinger 's equation that describe the wavefunction of the electron and therefore also describe the quantum state of the electron as described in the previous paragraph are each called quantum numbers .
The first property which describes the orbital was numbered according to Bohr 's model where n is the letter used to describe the energy of each orbital .
This is called the principal quantum number .
The shape is caused by the angular momentum of the orbital .
Angular momentum measures an object 's tendency to continue to spin .
The azimuthal quantum number l represents the orbital angular momentum of the electron around the nucleus .
However the shape of each orbital has its own letter as well .
So for the letter l there are other letters to describe the shapes of l .
The third quantum number of Schroedinger 's equation describes the magnetic moment of the electron and is designated by the letter m and sometimes as the letter m with a subscript l because the magnetic moment depends upon the second quantum number l.
Both men claimed to have the superior theory .
Heisenberg analyzed this difference of one radian of a cycle and divided the difference or deviation of one radian equally between the measurement of position and momentum .
What this means is that when a moving particle is viewed as a wave it is less certain where the particle is .
An oscillating ball of charge creates a wave larger than its size depending upon the length of its oscillation .
Its position could be anywhere from the crest to the trough .
The consequences of the uncertainty principle were that the electron could no longer be considered as in an exact location in its orbital .
Rather the electron had to be described by every point where the electron could possibly inhabit .
This is called a probability distribution .
This led to the further description by Heisenberg that if you were not making measurements of the electron that it could not be described in one particular location but was everywhere in the electron cloud at once .
Heisenberg went further and said that the path of a moving particle only comes into existence once we observe it .
Classical physics had shown since Newton that if you know the position of stars and planets and details about their motions that you can predict where they will be in the future .
This is because a wave is naturally a widespread disturbance and not a point particle .
Schroedinger 's wave equation shows that the electron is in the probability cloud at all times in its probability distribution as a wave that is spread out .
Eliminating uncertainty in one term maximizes uncertainty in regard to the second parameter .
The German word eigen was first used in this context by the mathematician David Hilbert in 1904 .
There was a doublet meaning a pair of lines in the spectrum of a hydrogen atom that was unaccounted for .
This meant that there was more energy in the electron orbital from magnetic moment than had previously been described .
This led to the Pauli Exclusion Principle that predicted that no more than two electrons can inhabit the same orbital .
This would account for the missing magnetic moment and allow for two electrons in the same orbital to be different if their spin was in opposite directions to each other thus satisfying the Exclusion Principle .
So Paul Dirac introduced the fourth quantum number called the spin quantum number designated by the letter s to the new Dirac equation of the wavefunction of the electron .
The quantum picture of the electron was now complete .
All of the above development of quantum theory was based mainly on the atomic spectrum of the hydrogen atom .
This is due to the fact that each atom of each element produces a unique pattern of spectral lines when light from each different kind of element is passed through a prism .
Scientists could not study the electron and nucleus of the atom itself because they can not be seen .
It was basically this study of the spectroscopic analysis of first the hydrogen atom and then the helium atom that led to quantum theory .
That is why quantum mechanics is sometimes referred to as a form of mathematical physics .
That mind was Albert Einstein who rejected Heisenberg 's Uncertainty Principle .
Einstein called this action at a distance .
Einstein showed that the Copenhagen Interpretation predicted quantum entanglement which he was trying to prove was incorrect in that it would defy physics .
In quantum entanglement measuring one entangled particle defines its properties and seems to influence the properties of its partner or partners instantaneously no matter how far apart they are .
Due to the fact that the two particles are entangled interaction on the one causes instantaneous effects on the other .
Quantum mechanics is hard to learn .
Quantum mechanics says that stuff only happens because of chance .
Quantum mechanics is very important in physics .
Some parts of the theory are .
Some results from quantum mechanics seem to disagree with the theory of relativity .
Light was first thought to be made of particles .
Isaac Newton called these particles corpuscles .
These theories seemed to be conflicting with one another .
This came from the photoelectric effect .
See picture of atom with the electron as waves at atom .
It is instead in what is called a superposition of states .
It forms a mathematical framework for modern physics and chemistry .
It is used in quantum mechanics to describe set units that the theory gives to different properties .
The other thing that led to quantum mechanics was the study of electromagnetic waves such as light .
It was found in 1900 by Max Planck that the energy of waves could be described as made of small packets or quanta .
Like trying to guess head or tail when tossing a coin .
Some parts of the theory are .
Some results from quantum mechanics do not seem to agree with the theory of relativity .
Some results from quantum mechanics seem to disagree with the theory of relativity .
Some results from quantum mechanics do not seem to agree with the theory of relativity .
Like trying to guess head or tail when tossing a coin .
QM are important to physics and chemistry .
QM is important to physics and chemistry .
Physicists are not sure what some of the equations of QM tell us about the real world .
Physicists are not sure what some of the equations of QM tell us about the world at the scale with which we are familiar in our everyday lives .
The well has zero potential energy inside a range and is infinite everywhere outside that range .
The well has zero potential energy inside a range and infinite everywhere outside that range .
Energy is directly related to frequency .
Directly related to the amount of energy it has is its frequency .
So quantum mechanics is not a complete theory of physics .
Infrared photons are sometimes called black light because humans can not see infrared light .
Humans can not see or feel ultraviolet light .
They may only know they have been exposed to ultraviolet light when they get a sunburn .
They may only know they have been exposed to ultraviolet light after they get a sunburn .
But that is not all .
This equation only worked for the visible light from hydrogen lamp .
Werner Heisenberg took on the job of explaining the brightness or intensity of each line .
He could not use any simple rule like the one Balmer had come up with .
This equation only worked for the visible light produced by a hydrogen lamp .
Werner Heisenberg took on the job of accounting for the brightness or intensity of each line .
But he could not use any simple rule like the one Balmer had come up with .
A hammer is a tool for putting nails into objects such as wood .
Some feces are also used as a fuel for cookery .
Feces are known for their unpleasant odor and brown color .
Some feces is also used as a fuel for cookery .
Feces is known for its unpleasant odor and brown color .
Feces are used by some scientists to follow tiger .
Feces is used by some scientists to track down tiger .
The structure of the Church was agreed in 325 at the First Council of Nicea .
It said the Church had five Patriarchs .
The third Patriarch was later moved from Ephesus to Constantinople .
The Roman Catholic Church kept the idea of one united Church with the pope as head .
Some Orthodox Churches believe the Emperor or King is the head of the Church as well as the country .
The Lutheran Church was started .
This is why there are so many Protestant churches .
There is only one way of belief for Catholics who want to be with the pope .
The Roman Catholic Church kept the one united Church with the pope as head .
The Lutherian Church was started .
This is why there are so many Protestant churches .
In the Roman Catholic Church if believers disobey the pope they can also be punished or excommunicated .
There is only one way of belief if you want to be with the pope .
The third Patriarch later moved from Ephesus to Constantinople .
Catholic bibles include the apocrypha whereas Protestant bibles do not .
The Catholic Church was legalised by Constantine .
The actual extension of Catholicism in this sense varies with the different understandings of what it means to be a Christian .
The church defines a schism as a slit whereby the authority of the right church is not recognized .
Catholic bibles include the deutrocanonical literature whereas Protestant bibles do not .
That is why the pope is also called the Holy Father .
The third patriarch later moved from Ephesus to Constantinople .
The Roman Catholic Church kept the idea of one united church with the pope as head .
Some Orthodox Churches believe the emperor or king is the head of the Church as well as the country .
Catholic bibles include the Apocrypha whereas Protestant bibles do not .
That is why the pope is called the Holy Father .
The third Patriarch later moved from Ephesus to Constantinople .
The Roman Catholic Church kept the idea of one united Church with the pope as head .
Some Orthodox Churches believe the Emperor or King is the head of the Church as well as the country .
Catholic bibles include the apocrypha whereas Protestant bibles do not .
Catholicism often means the Roman Catholic Church .
Catholicism often refers to the Roman Catholic Church .
The Bible Roman Catholics use often include a few texts that are usually not found in those protestants use .
The best known of these is called deuterocanon .
Roman Catholic bibles include the deuterocanon whereas Protestant bibles do not .
A dictatorship is a country where one person has the power to do whatever he or she wants .
A dictatorship is a country that is ruled by one person who has the power to do whatever he or she wants .
A monarchy is not usually called a dictatorship .
They used this since it simplifies the way human thinks .
Electric charge is the property of electrons and protons .
It is the amount of work per electric charge that an electric source can do .
Electric energy is the amount of energy that an amount of electricity can produce at a time .
The word Electricity is confusing because it has several conflicting definitions .
Other reference books say that electricity is electromagnetic energy produced by electric generators and sold by electric utility companies .
The following 7 definitions were contributed by Ed Brumgnach .
Electric charge is a property of electrons and protons .
Electric charge is measured in Coulombs .
It is the work per charge that a source can do .
Electric resistance is the opposition to electric current .
They use this explanation since it simplifies the way humans think .
They used this since it simplifies the way human thinks .
They use this explanation because it is simpler .
Another way to explain flow of electricity is with water .
Water always flows from a higher place to a lower place .
Electric charge has to do with electrons and protons .
Electrons are negatively charged while protons are positively charged .
Electric current is when electric charge moves .
They use this explanation since it is simpler .
Another example to illustrate flow of electric current is the flow of water .
Water always flows from a place situated at a higher level to a place at lower level .
Similarly in terms of electric current protons or positive charge carriers flow from higher potential to lower potential .
Electric charge is the property of electrons and protons .
Electrons are said to be negatively charged while protons are said to be positively charged .
Electric current is the uniform motion of electric charge .
Electric charge is another form of attraction like gravity .
Unlike gravity it only pulls on things that have an electric charge .
If something has a charge it will move towards something else that has an opposite charge or away from some thing with the same charge .
The tiniest things with a charge are called particles .
Since electrons are the smallest and lighter of these two kinds of particle they move when they feel an electric attractions and the protons stay where they are .
In many ways the flow of electrons is like the flow of water down a hill .
Another way to explain flow of electricity is with water .
Electricity is a type of Energy that can flow through wires .
Flow of this energy is caused by movement of electric charge .
Electricity arrives at our homes through wires .
These machine produce goods useful for us .
The people who deals with electricity and electrical devices in our homes and factories are called Electricians .
Electricity can mean any of the things caused by the action of electric charge .
The electricity that arrives through cables to provide power to houses and factories is the kind dealt with by electricians .
Electricity is a type of Energy found in nature .
We see it in nature when we see a lightening flash or when we stroke an animal and feel sparks .
Scientists have also found we can make electricity if we pass a magnet close to a metal wire or if we put the right chemicals in a jar with two different kinds of metal rod .
They now know that all matter has electric charge but this is mostly canceled out by the presence of matter with an opposite charge .
We only see an affect when there is too much or too little electric charge in one place so that it is not canceled out .
Since the nineteenth century electricity has been made into a useful thing that affects every part of our lives .
Until then it was just a curiosity or a force of nature seen in a thunderstorm .
To be useful electricity has to be made from other sources of energy such as by burning coal or oil or from wind or flowing water .
Electricity arrives at our homes through wires from the places where it is made .
Electricity is a type of Energy that can flow through wires .
Flow of this energy is caused by movement of electric charge .
Electricity arrives at our homes through wires .
These machines produce useful goods for us .
This name survives in the name of the Anacostia River .
This name survives in the name of the Anacostia river .
Adolescence is cultural and so does not refer to a fixed time period .
The word comes from the Latin verb adolescere meaning to grow up .
Due to the fact it is made from brass it is often involved in what is referred to as a brass section alongside true brass instruments like the trumpet or trombone .
It was developed from the clarinet and shares many similarities to the clarinet .
There are three types of bryophyte .
It is thought that green algae became mosses by evolving .
Then other plants evolved from bryophytes .
A person who studies bryophytes is called a bryologist .
The study of bryophytes is named bryology .
There are three types of bryophyta .
It is thought that green algae became mosses by evolve .
Then plants evolved from bryophyta .
A person who studies bryophyta is called a bryologist .
The study of bryophyta is named bryology .
They are often in Mathematics and Science .
They are often used in Mathematics and Science .
Usually the formula is used the same way at all times .
Usually the formula is use the same way in at all times .
Conservatism is a type of political group that is aimed at preserving tradition and the old way of life .
This article deals with conservatism as a political philosophy .
Conservatism is a term used to describe political philosophies that favor traditional values .
Any existing value or institution has undergone the correcting influence of past experience and ought to be respected .
Burke advocates vigilance against the possibility of moral hazards .
Conservatives strongly support the right of property .
The legitimist movement was the political incarnation of this thought .
Cultural conservatism is a philosophy that supports preservation of the heritage of a nation or culture .
The culture in question may be as large as Western culture or Chinese civilization or as small as that of Tibet .
Cultural conservatives try to adapt norms handed down from the past .
Cultural conservatives often argue that old institutions have adapted to a particular place or culture and therefore ought to persevere .
The Latin word for delivered here is traditio .
Conservative governments influenced by religious conservatives may promote broad campaigns for a return to traditional values .
One example of such a movement was the Protestant Reformation .
Fiscal conservatism is the economic philosophy of prudence in government spending and debt .
The Conservative Party in Britain was a staunch defender of the British Empire .
There is no organisational continuity amongst Burkean conservatives which clearly connect them to contemporary conservatives in Britain .
The new industrial elite were seen by many as enemies to the social order .
Sir Robert Peel was able to reconcile the new industrial class to the Tory landed class by persuading the latter to accept the repeal of the Corn Laws in 1846 .
The new coalition of traditional landowners and sympathetic industrialists constituted the new Conservative Party .
Benjamin Disraeli gave the new party a political ideology .
This one nation conservatism is still a very important tradition in British politics .
It has animated a great deal of social reform undertaken by successive Conservative governments .
The conversion of the Conservative Party into a modern mass organization was accelerated by the concept of tory Democracy attributed to Lord Randolph Churchill .
The Thatcher legacy is mixed .
They form the bulk of the European Peoples Party faction in the European Parliament .
Internationally they generally support the European Union and a strong defense .
Social conservatism in the Nordic countries are often found in their Christian Democratic parties .
Approval of high culture and established political institutions like the monarchy is often found in European conservatism .
Mainstream conservative groups are often staunch supporters of the European Union .
His ideas continue to permeate Chinese society .
Love of country and national pride has been resurgent as well as traditionalism .
The government attempts to win and maintain the loyalty its citizens and of recently departed overseas Chinese .
Edmund Burke .
Liberals Vs Conservatives Non partisan community where both sides of the fence may enter into debate .
Conservatism is a political idea .
Edmund Burke is called The Father of Conservatism .
Conservatism is a type of political group that is aimed at preserving tradition and the old way of life .
Bowser has stolen the power of the castle by stealing all of the 150 power stars .
There are about 250 million Orthodox in the world .
Jurassic Park is a 1991 book by Michael Crichton .
It was made into a movie in 1993 directed by Steven Spielberg .
Jurassic Park is a 1991 book by Michael Crichton and which was made into a movie in 1993 directed by Steven Spielberg .
It is the fourth largest city in Scotland .
They are called the University of Dundee and the University of Abertay Dundee .
They are called Dundee and Abertay Dundee .
A bookstore is a store where people buy books .
A diced lemon or lime can also be added to mixture .
It is the place where the headquarters of the county council is based and it has usually been the county town for hundreds of years .
It is the place were the local government of the county is based and it has usually been the county town for hundreds of years .
He later became a Christian .
His real name is Robert Zimmerman .
Chinese dragons are thought of with respect .
Scientifically the dragon does exist .
Scientifically the dragon does n't exist .
Scientifically the dragon does exist .
Inertia is the reluctance of an object to change how it is moving .
Inertia is the quality of a penis to keep the same velocity unless it is acted upon by an outside force .
Inertia is the quality of an object to keep the same velocity unless it is acted upon by an outside force .
He studied at a theological seminary in Pennsylvania .
King was convinced that such methods would help the civil rights movement .
King then moved on to a bill that would make sure that black Americans would be allowed to vote .
He studied at a Theological Seminary in Pennsylvania .
King was convinced that such methods would be of great value to the civil rights movement .
King then moved on to a bill that would guarantee the voting rights of the black community in America .
One of these people was the singer Stevie Wonder who wrote a song as part of the campaign .
He fought for civil rights .
His father was also a civil rights leader .
This is where they would sit in a restaurant seat that was supposed to be only for white people .
They would politely ask for some food and refuse to leave until someone gave them food .
Another strategy that King used was leading boycotts .
This is where people would refuse to buy goods or services from people who did not treat white people and black people the same .
He considered a career in medicine and law .
He rejected both and joined the Baptist Church .
He was made the president of the Montgomery Improvement Association .
This association was created during the boycott .
He became an important leader of the boycott .
King was arrested for starting a boycott .
Others involved with MIA were also intimidated .
Its motto was Not one hair of one head of one person should be harmed .
The march was a major success .
It was officially called the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom .
It told people about the civil rights movement in America .
The year 1964 was also when the Civil Rights Act was passed .
This act banned many kinds of discrimination against black people .
This led to the 1965 Voting Rights Act .
It made it against the law to stop somebody from voting because of their race .
He was sentenced to 99 years in prison .
It is celebrated on the third Monday of the month of January .
This is around the time of his birthday .
One of these people was the singer Stevie Wonder .
He wrote a song for the campaign .
He considered a career in medicine and law but rejected both and joined the Baptist Church .
It is a fact that the atmosphere of the world is in general about a half of a degree Celsius hotter than it was two hundred years ago .
Global warming in general can refer to an overall cooling of the Earth .
Global cooling in general can refer to an overall cooling of the Earth .
Global warming is a term having to do with the slow increase of the earth 's temperature .
Some say the change is not the fault of humans .
A theory in science is not just an idea .
It 's something which has been tested and confirmed .
Global warming is a term regarding the slow increase of the earth 's temperature .
Some say the change is natural and not the fault of humans .
A theory in science is not just an idea in the mind .
And with the increse of man more livestock will be farmed in essence there are very many causes of global warming .
Global warming is the slow increase of the Earth 's temperature .
Global warming is a problem for the world .
It has already been linked to floods and other types of storms .
A few think that changes are because of differences in the amount of heat from the sun or other natural causes .
It is a proposed answer which has been tested and agreed on by many scientists .
Global warming is a term having to do with the slow increase of the Earth 's temperature .
Global warming may become a problem for the world and has already been linked to floods and other types of storms .
Some say the change is not the fault of humans .
A few think that changes are because of differences in the amount of heat from the sun and other natural causes .
Global warming is a term having to do with the slow increase of the Earth 's temperature .
Global warming may become a problem for the world and has already been linked to floods and other types of storms .
Some say the change is not the fault of humans .
A few think that changes are because of differences in the amount of heat from the sun and other natural causes .
Global warming is the slow increase of the Earth 's temperature .
Global warming is a problem for the world .
It has already been linked to floods and other types of storms .
A few think that changes are because of differences in the amount of heat from the sun or other natural causes .
It is a proposed answer which has been tested and agreed on by many scientists .
There is also some doubt in some details of the climate models .
This is because of the gasses that people have already put into the atmosphere .
This is because of the CO2 that people have already put into the atmosphere .
Sometimes the term anthropogenic climate change is used to talk about global warming caused by people .
The sun caused no warming because it got a very small amount colder .
This made the Earth a small amount colder .
People in government have talked about global warming .
They do not agree what to do about it .
Some people in government think nothing should change .
Global warming is the increase in the temperature of the Earth .
Most of the warming is because of people burning coal and oil .
Some of the warming is because humans are cutting down trees .
Global warming is the increase in the temperature of the Earth from 150 years ago to present .
Before 1800 we have no records that show how warm or cold it was .
There have been many scientific studies trying to figure out past temperatures before people used thermometers using proxy measurements .
One way is to cut into a tree and measure how it is between tree rings .
Trees that live a long time can give us an idea of how temperature and rain have changed while it was alive .
Other proxy measurements such as bore holes show the same pattern as tree rings .
Tree rings and bore holes can only help scientists figure out the temperature until about 1000 years ago .
Ice cores are also used to find out the temperature back to about half a million years ago .
This means that it consists of nitrogen and hydrogen atoms .
It is harmful when eaten .
It is harmful when ingested .
It is made from nitrogen and hydrogen atoms .
It is harmful when eaten or breathed .
It is harmful when eaten .
An alkali is where a base is in water .
An alkali is where a base is dissolved in water .
These people are called journalists .
Argentina and the UK had a short war in 1982 because Argentina claims to own the islands .
Argentina and the UK had a short war in 1982 because Argentina have claimed to own the islands .
It has often been acted on stage and has been on TV .
It has often been performed on stage and has been on TV .
He was known for a unique style of writing which he called Gonzo Journalism .
He was known for a unique style of writing he dubbed Gonzo Journalism .
He was known for a unique style of writing which he called Gonzo Journalism .
His main topic was the health of the American Dream .
Some experts did n't think that people could build a bridge because the water currents between Marin and San Francisco were very strong .
Some experts did n't think people could build a bridge because the water currents between Marin and San Francisco were very strong .
Golden Gate Bridge is a bridge that crosses over the San Francisco Bay .
The Golden Gate Bridge is a bridge that crosses over the San Francisco Bay .
Golden Gate Bridge is a bridge that crosses over the San Francisco Bay .
Less houses are built than in the inner city and there is often space for gardens and parks .
The houses are built at a much lower density than in the inner city and there is often space for gardens and parks .
Most of them eat small animals from the ocean .
They make a long journey to their breeding grounds about five times each .
They do a long journey to their breeding grounds about five times each .
Penguins are birds .
They form the family Spheniscidae and order Sphenisciformes .
They have good hearing and can see well underwater .
They make a long journey to their breeding grounds about five times each .
It is still unclear if the Royal Penguin is a subspecies of the Macaroni Penguin .
It is also possible that northern and southern Rockhopper Penguins are separate species .
Most of them eat small animals from the ocean .
The white and black colors are for camouflage .
The white and black colors are for camouflage .
They form the family Spheniscidae and order Sphenisciformes .
Children say Trick or treat !
The Pagan holiday that All Saints holy day replaced was the Day of the Dead .
Children say trick or treat !
It means give me a treat or I will play a trick on you .
The Pagan holiday taht All Saints holy day replaced was the Day of the Dead .
Her preoccupation with female themes and the figurative candor with which she expressed them made her something of a feminist cult figure in the last decades of the 20th century .
She used ideas about things that had happened to her .
Her paintings are often shocking in the way they show pain and the harsh lives of women .
Most of them built little towns and ports along the coastline so they could trade with different travellers from everywhere in the Mediterranean Sea .
Most of the travellers that used to pass by Tunisia were Phoenicians who started to settle on the Tunisian coast during the 10th Century BC .
Most of them built little towns and ports along the coastline so they can trade with different travelers from everywhere in the Mediterranean Sea .
Most of the travelers that used to pass by Tunisia were Phoenicians who started to settle on the Tunisian coast during the 10th Century BC .
One of the best known dynasties was the Zirids dynasty .
One of the most known dynasties is the Zirids dynasty .
That was a disaster for the United States .
Tunisian Arabic is a mix of languages of people that live or lived in Tunisia and it 's called Darija or Tunsi .
Most people now living Tunisian are Maghrebin Arab .
Most of now living Tunisian are Maghrebin Arab .
However small groups of Berbers and Jews live in Tunisia .
Tunisia is subdivided into 24 governorates .
This is called privatization .
Tunisia wass also the first Mediterranean country to make an agreement with the European Union .
That is called privatization .
Tunisia is also the first Mediterranean country to make agreements with the European Union .
Mickey Mouse is a cartoon characters created by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks in 1928 .
Mickey Mouse is the most popular cartoon characters in the world .
He was created by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks in 1928 .
He made various types of music and many albums and worked with many other musicans most notably his 1960s group The Mothers of Invention and childhood friend and blues singer Captain Beefheart .
He made various types of music and many albums and worked with many other musicans most notably his 1960s group The Mothers of Invention and his friend and blues singer Captain Beefheart .
He made various types of music and many albums and worked with many other musicans most notably his 1960s group The Mothers of Invention and childhood friend and blues singer Captain Beefheart .
This was especially true because it was really seen to be about criticizing the Vietnam War that was going on at the time .
That theme was only hidden somewhat by the setting of the movie during the earlier and less controversial Korean War .
Basketball is a very popular sport played with a round ball that bounces .
Basketball is a very popular sport with a round ball that bounces .
Basketball is a very unpopular sport played with a round ball that bounces .
Basketball is a very popular sport played with a round ball that bounces .
Basketball is a very popular sport played with a round ball that bounces .
Basketball is a very unpopular sport played with a round ball that bounces .
Officials are very important because without them the game would not run as smoothly if the game did not have these people .
The umpires take into consideration the spirit and intent of the player before making any call .
He is also the one that makes the final decision for most problems and is the one who throws the ball up at the start of the match .
Time Keeper There is one timekeeper whose job is to keep track of the time and to tell the umpires when time for each quarter has run out .
The umpires take into consideration the spirt and intent of the player before making any call .
He is also the one that makes the final decision for most problems and is the one who throughs the ball up at the start of the match .
Time Keeper There is one timekeeper who 's kob is to keep track of the time and to tell the umpires when time for each quarter has run out .
It is a holiday .
Saint Telemachus died .
Before this it was called The Daily Universal Register .
Ashton Kutcher is an American actor who becane famous when he played Micheal Kelso on That 70 's Show .
His career took off when he started a relationship with older actress Demi Moore .
His career took off when he started a realationship with older actress Demi Moore .
This fight suprised sportscaster Howard Cosell so much that he vowed to never cover another fight .
After this many sportsfans all over the world wrote to Cobb and thanked him for trying .
He was never knocked out .
This fight so horrified sportscaster Howard Cosell that he vowed to never cover another bout .
After this many sportsfans all over the world wrote to Cobb and thanked him for his effort .
He was never knocked out in his career .
He was first elected as a delegate to the 1971 Constitutional Convention .
He then went into exile when President Ferdinand Marcos declared martial law .
He came back in 1980 and was elected as mayor of Cagayan de Oro City in Misamis Oriental but removed as mayor 1982 .
He returned as mayor again in 1984 .
They were one of the most popular rock groups of all time .
This was said to be from a drug overdose .
They were also the inspiration for the 1991 film The Doors .
He was known for his wild style of piano playing and songs like Whole Lot of Shakin ' Going On and Great Balls of Fire .
He was known for his wild style of piano playing and songs like Whole Lot of Shaking Going On and Great Balls of Fire .
He was often called The Man in Black and was best known for his rough voice and powerful music .
A smaller copy is near the Seine river in Paris .
The statue is one of the best known landmarks in America .
A smaller copy is near Seine river in Paris .
The statue one the best known landmarks in America .
The pedestal was designed by architect Richard Morris Hunt .
The Statue of Liberty is one of the most recognizable symbols in the world .
For many years it was one of the first glimpses of the United States for millions of immigrants and visitors after ocean voyages from around the world .
The National Monument also includes Ellis Island .
It was built in 1886 and given as a gift from France .
A smaller copy is near the Seine river in Paris .
The statue is one of the best known landmarks in America .
It stands on Liberty Island in New York harbor .
It serves to greet visitors and immigrants .
It can only be reached by boat or ferry .
There is also a smaller scale version in Las Vegas .
For many years it was one of the first glances of the United States for millions of immigrants and visitors after ocean voyages from around the world .
For many years it was one of the first glimpses of the United States for millions of immigrants and visitors after ocean voyages from around the world .
One famous of his famous was written for children and is called The Old Possum 's Book of Practical Cats .
One famous book of his was written for children and is called The Old Possum 's Book of Practical Cats .
He is best known for creating the superhero Batman .
Garfield is a famous comic strip created by Jim Davis .
He often uses humor and satire to tell people about his opinions .
He often laces it with humor and satire .
Whales are distantly related to dolphins .
Whales are marine animals .
Some people still do kill whales even though it is illegal .
Whales are vaguely related to dolphins .
They are often very small and they live in the desert .
They have six legs and hate swimming .
They are very fluffy with horns .
They are often very large .
Whales come in various shapes and sizes .
Whales used to be killed for oil by whalers .
Toothed whales eat fish or meat and are like big dolphins .
Males are called bulls .
Females are called cows .
Toothed whales eat fish or meat and are basically big Dolphins .
Anchors are used to stop boats from moving .
A permanent anchor is called a mooring block and is not easily moved .
A temporary anchor can be moved and is carried on the boat .
Many modern moorings still use a large rock as the mooring block .
The English language uses several special words to describe parts of anchors .
There are many designs .
They look and work like a farmer 's plow .
They do not hold as well as modern anchors .
Fluke or plate designs use large flukes to develop good holding .
See modern designs .
The Fisherman is a traditional old design .
It is very old and has not changed much over time .
The most common brand of fluke anchors is the Danforth .
It is efficient for its weight .
The original CQR was invented in 1933 in the United Kingdom .
Many copies of it now exist .
Plows used to be popular with sailors and private boaters .
They are good but not excellent in most seabeds .
Another more recent design is the Delta which is better .
This makes them heavy .
The genuine CQR and Delta brands are now owned by Lewmar .
The genuine Bruce was invented in the 1970 's and was intended to solve some of the problems of the plow .
Bruce Anchor Group no longer make the genuine Bruce and the copies are mostly worse in quality of build .
Modern anchors are designed to be better than the plow and claw types .
The Bulwagga is a unique fluke style with three flukes instead of two .
The Spade is a French design which has been well accepted since 1996 .
The Rocna is from New Zealand and has been made since 2004 .
It too has a sharp toe for weed and grass .
Permanent anchors come in a wide range of types .
A simple rock can be used .
Large concrete blocks weighing many tonnes may be used .
Modern moorings may be anchored by sand screws .
The mushroom anchor is suitable where the seabed is composed of fine sand or soft mud .
It is shaped like a mushroom .
They must be allowed to set by sinking over a long time .
Anchors are large tools that are used to stop ships from moving around .
Anchors lock boats in position until the anchor is lifted .
It is a simple hook that is good for rock or reefs .
It is useless for most other seabeds .
The genuine Bruce was invented in the 1970 's and to try to solve some problems of the plow .
Many copies are now made .
Bruce Anchor Group no longer make the genuine Bruce .
Most copies are lower quality than the genuine Bruce .
The genuine Bruce was invented in the 1970 's and was intended to solve some of the problems of the plow .
Bruce Anchor Group no longer make the genuine Bruce and the copies are mostly worse in quality of build .
The Bulwagga has three flukes instead of two .
The Spade has been well accepted since 1996 .
The Rocna has been made since 2004 .
The Bulwagga is a unique fluke style with three flukes instead of two .
The Spade is a French design which has been well accepted since 1996 .
The Rocna is from New Zealand and has been made since 2004 .
It too has a sharp toe for weed and grass .
Permanent anchors are used when a floating thing must be kept in place for a long time .
A deadweight anchors is a heavy weight .
It can be used when the bottom is too hard for other types of anchors .
It can be made of a large rock or a concrete block .
Mushroom and pyramid anchors are good where the seabed is soft .
This type of anchor needs time to dig into the seabed .
It can be smaller and lighter than a deadweight anchor .
The sand screw must be screwed into the seabed before it is used .
It can be very light .
Permanent anchors come in a wide range of types .
A simple rock can be used .
Large concrete blocks weighing many tonnes may be used .
Modern moorings may be anchored by sand screws .
The mushroom anchor is suitable where the seabed is composed of fine sand or soft mud .
It is shaped like a mushroom .
They must be allowed to set by sinking over a long time .
Many modern designs are better than the older types .
These disks are made of the same materials and have the same methods of production .
CDs and DVDs use the same way of keeping information .
The information is read by a laser .
An injection used on a polycarbonate plastic leads to the creation of microscopic bumps .
Today 's production uses this type of plastic to create different things because it can resist very high and low temperatures .
Many bumps form one continuous spiral that can include information .
After that a spray of a special reflective layer covers the bumps .
This helps the laser to concentrate through the outer layers onto the inner ones .
Every track on a DVD disk circles from its center to the edge .
The distance between the tracks on a DVD disk is 740 nanometers .
Both CD disks and DVD disks have equal diameter and thickness but the volume of information they can store is different .
For creating CD and DVD disks the same materials and the same methods of production are used .
Another similarity between the two types of disks is that the information stored on a DVD is encoded the same way as on CDs .
Both CDs and DVDs have pits and bumps on the data track .
With their help the information is stored and read by a laser .
They are created with the help of an injection that molds a polycarbonate plastic .
This type of plastic is often used in contemporary manufacturing to produce many other things .
The bumps appear when the layers are formed .
One continuous spiral that comprises data is formed of many bumps .
This way the laser can start focusing through the outside layers onto the inside .
When every layer is created they are all covered with lacquer and after that all the layers are compressed and treated with infrared light .
Every track on a DVD disk circles from the disk 's inside and to the outside .
The tracks are separated by a distance of 740 nanometers .
The parameters of the bumps are 320x400x120 nanometers so only a highly precise mechanism can read such bumps .
A submarine is a vessel that goes under water .
A submarine is a ship that goes under water .
This power was then used to power the submarine when it went underwater .
These submarines were dangerous for enemies and hard to see while under water but it was easy to attack them when they were above the water suface and recharging .
Their were only used to attack ships .
This power was then used to propel the submarine while underwater .
In 1989 she became professor of physics and director of the California Space Institute at the Univ .
Some courts are part of the justice system .
Some disagreements a court may decide are whether a who the children of two divorced parents should live with .
It is sometimes thought of as the beginning of life .
Pollution is where something is where it is not supposed to be .
Air pollution is gases in the atmosphere that are harmful .
Air pollution is when there are gases in the atmosphere that are harmful .
Immunity is the ability to not get affected by a a certain disease .
You can be immunised from some diseases by having a injection .
You can be imunised from some diseases by having a injection .
The word Inca can also mean the king of the Inca people .
This means that they existed before the Spanish invasion of south America in the 16th century .
Casting has been renewed for a 2nd season .
VH1 also shows You 're Cut Off !
A person younger than 12 years old is usually called a child .
In most countries children go to school .
Nickelodeon is an American cable television channel that is made for children .
It was started in 1979 .
It debuted in 1979 .
Carter was beaten by Ronald Reagan in the 1980 election .
Carter was beaten by Ronald Reagan in 1980 .
He also hunted large animals throughout the world .
He is best remembered for having had six wives .
The most important event that happened in England when Henry was the king was the country 's change in religion from Roman Catholic to Protestant .
Anyone who refused was punished .
Henry 's third wife was Jane Seymour .
She soon gave birth to a son called Edward .
Henry had loved her very much and he never got over his sadness at her death .
He became angry with Thomas Cromwell when Cromwell suggested that he should get married again after Jane 's death .
Henry 's sixth and last wife was called Catherine Parr .
She was a woman in her thirties who had already been married twice .
None of them had any children of their own .
Another important event that happened in England when Henry was the king was the country 's change in religion from Roman Catholic to Protestant .
So Henry asked the Archbishop of Canterbury to give him a divorce .
Anyone who refused was promptly executed .
None of them had any children .
Most western countries have laws that protect homosexuals from violence and discrimination .
Homosexuals also can be denied renting a home or even being able to eat in a restaurant because of their sexual orientation .
In these countries homosexuals can experience discrimination and violence .
Many countries have laws that protect homosexuals from violence and discrimination .
A homosexual person can be fired from a job because he is gay even if he is a good worker .
Homosexuals also can be denied renting a home or even being able to eat in a restaurant because of their sexual orientation .
This means he does not hide the fact that they are homosexual .
This means he does not hide the fact that he is homosexual .
The most respectful way to talk about a homosexual man is to say a gay man .
The most respectful way to talk about a homosexual woman is to say a lesbian .
Some of these were once used to insult homosexual people .
Women who are attracted to other women are sometimes called lesbians .
A person 's sexual orientation tells what gender a person is sexually attracted to .
Some of these were used to insult homosexual people .
The word queer is also used to describe the whole LGBT community .
The most respectful way to talk about a homosexual man is to say a gay man .
This is a slang term that arose among homosexuals in the USA by the 1950s .
The most respectful way to talk about a homosexual woman is to say a lesbian .
Lesbian is used most often .
Lesbian is more common to use .
Gay people can be in the military .
So the United Kingdom has changed many things .
A camera lens is usually made of glass and is part of a camera .
A lens is necessary if you want to take a picture .
A lens allows light to come in to the film .
In a digital camera the film is replaced with a computer chip .
The lens helps focus the light for a clear picture .
Many inexpensive cameras only have one lens that you can not change or take out .
This is called a fixed lens design .
There are many kinds of lenses .
The study of lenses and how they work is called optics .
Camera lens is usually made of glass .
You use it for camera .
Lens is necessary if you want to take a picture .
A light comes to film or cell through the lens .
There are many kind of lenses .
There is over hundred year effort to provide various way to get good picture .
See large format lens .
Shankar asked for Harrison 's help to give a show to buy food for them .
Shankar asked for Harrison 's help to give a to buy food for them .
A single sound in music is called a note .
And a single sound in music is called a note .
They are found mostly in Peru and Bolivia .
The top of Mount Chimborazo in the Ecuadorean Andes is the point on the Earth 's surface most distant from its center .
Mount Chimborazo is a mountain .
It is also a inactive volcano in Ecuador .
They are located mostly in Peru and Bolivia .
The summit of Mount Chimborazo in the Ecuadorean Andes is the point on the Earth 's surface most distant from its center .
Mount Chimborazo is a mountain and a dormant or inactive volcano in Ecuador .
In the past Pozna was the capital of Poland .
Miullions of Polish and other not colaborated Slavic people was killed in concentration camps also .
Nazism is a political movement that started in the 1920s .
The word Nazi is a short for Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei in the German language .
This means National Socialist German Workers ' Party .
These law say it is forbidden to ask if the holocaust really happened .
It is also forbidden to ask if really that many people were affected by it .
These laws say it is forbidden to say that the Holocaust never really happened .
Sometimes itt is also forbidden to ask if really that many people were affected by it .
These law say it is forbidden to ask if the Holocaust really happened .
It is also forbidden to ask if really that many people were affected by it .
His paper told people about his beliefs concerning Jews .
He was not involved in any warcrimes and was executed for trying to use his freedom of speech .
These law say it is forbidden to ask if the Holocaust really happened .
It is also forbidden to ask if really that many people were affected by it .
These laws say it is forbidden to say that the Holocaust never really happened .
Sometimes itt is also forbidden to ask if really that many people were affected by it .
Sometimes itt is also forbidden to ask if really that many people were affected by it .
They share their beliefs about God with other people .
Jehovah 's Witnesses believe in a God named Jehovah .
They consider Jehovah a very powerful divine that both created and is the universe .
Jehovah 's Witnesses view the three as separate .
Jehovah 's Witnesses do not want to live forever in heaven .
Jehovah 's Witnesses believe that God 's will make the Earth a paradise for good people .
Jehovah 's Witnesses want to teach people about Jehovah and his plans .
JW 's do not know the date or time for this last judgment .
Jehovah 's Witnesses meet in churches called Kingdom Halls .
They have a simple decor .
They are often built with the help of volunteers from around the country and the world .
There are a few basic beliefs of Jehovah 's Witnesses .
Jehovah 's Witnesses believe that God 's original purpose for mankind has not chnaged and that eventually the earth will be a paradise inhabited by righteous humans .
This is the only belief in humans obtaining heavenly life that Jehovah 's Witnesses uphold .
JW 's do not claim to know a date or time for this event .
Jehovah 's Witnesses meet in churches they describe as Kingdom Halls .
Kingdom Halls do not appear as mainstream churches do .
Anywhere that can house a number of people and is convenient will be used as Kingdom Halls .
Jehovah 's Witnesses think of them as three different things .
They believe that the purpose of Jehovah sending his son Jesus Christ was to make a way for humans to get back the paradise that Adam and Eve lost and restore them to perfect health and life .
Jehovah 's Witnesses think of the three as different things .
They believe that the purpose of Jehovah sending his son Jesus Christ was to make a way for humans to get back their paradise that Adam and Eve lost and restore them to perfection .
They began in 1876 .
Jehovah 's Witnesses do not believe in the of Hell .
Jehovah 's Witnesses places of worship are called Kingdom Halls .
Jehovah 's Witnesses places of worship called Kingdom Halls .
Aerosmith is a rock band from the USA .
Aerosmith are a rock band from the USA .
His mental problems became so serious he had to be admitted to an institute .
Theo was very upset by his brother 's death .
He became seriously ill and died six months later .
All three are killed in the crash .
The building is built with special technology that has been made buildings in earthquake areas .
The building is built with technology made to help the building survive an earthquake .
This page is about the city of Rio de Janeiro .
The Rio de Janeiro is the second largest Brazilian city in population .
The city of Rio de Janeiro is the second largest Brazilian city in population .
Lots of computers can be connected to share information and the Internet .
A local area network can be called a LAN .
Lots of computers can be connected to share information and internet .
A Local Area Network can be called a LAN .
It is thought to be the color of perfection .
White can stand for a successful beginning .
It is considered to be the color of perfection .
White can represent a successful beginning .
White light can be made by putting all the other colors of light together .
You can make white light by putting all the other colors of light together .
Nigger is an improper word used to describe people of African descent .
Nigger is an inappopriate word used to describe of African descent .
Nigger is an improper word used by racists to describe people of African descent .
Using the word can cause hatred .
Nigger is an improper word used to describe people of African descent .
Nigger is a word that was used to describe black people .
Nigger is an improper word used by most racists to describe people of African descent .
Using the word can cause hatred .
He ran unsucessfully for President in 2000 and 2004 .
He unsucessfully ran for President in 2000 and 2004 .
There are also other things which must be allowed .
Before there were almost only people in Jamaica who knew about the music .
Before there was almost only people in Jamaica who knew about the music .
Ethanol fermentation always produces ethanol and carbon dioxide .
Lactic acid fermentation produces lactic acid .
It happens in muscles of animals when they need lots of energy fast .
Lactic acid fermentation breaks down the pyruvate into lactic acid .
It occurs in the muscles of animals when they need energy faster than the blood can supply oxygen .
It also occurs in some bacteria and some fungi .
Boolean algebra is about things being true and false .
In the same year it became an independent country .
It is loosely based on .
He founded the Tudor dynasty .
He was the founder of the Tudor dynasty .
It is often called the capital of the Highlands .
The word was made during the Irish Land War .
It comes from the name of Captain Charles Boycott .
The captain was soon isolated .
They were escorted to and from their work by 1000 policemen .
In 1881 the word came into general use .
Some think King Arthur lived some time from the end of 5th century to the early 6th century .
Later his story grew with additional stories like the magician Merlin or the knight Sir Lancelot .
Some say he is a mythical person like Hercules and some say he is a real person with a miraculous story .
Some think King Arthur has lived some time from the end of 5th century to the early 6th century .
Later his story was growing with some additional stories like the magician Merlin or the knight Sir Lancelot .
Some say he is a mythical creature like Hercules and some say he is a real person with a miracle story .
They lived very happily together .
The Corrs are a folk rock music group from Ireland .
There is three sisters and one brother in the group .
They began getting popular in the late 1990s .
The Corrs created themselves in 1991 to try to get in the movie The Commitments .
The Corrs were formed to audition for the 1991 film The Commitments .
Both have been certified gold in the United States and the recent In Blue has been certified platinum by the RIAA .
In 1962 He took part in the Second Vatican Council and was helped write two very important documents .
One was about Religious freedom and the other one was about the work of the church in the Modern World .
In 1963 Bishop Wojty a became Archbishop of Poland .
John Paul II was the most traveled pope in history .
John Paul II beatified many people .
This means that the Pope gave these people the title of Blessed .
John Paul II gave more people the title of Blessed than any other pope in history .
In 1988 he made a trip to Lesotho to beatify Joseph Gerrad .
This is considered to be the largest single event in Christian history .
A follower of the French archbishop Marcel Lefebvre tried to hurt the Pope with a bayonet .
He was overpowered by the bodyguards of the Pope .
Lefevbre and his followers were against the decisions of the Second Vatican Council .
He died while holding Archbishops Dziwish 's hand .
Many people claimed to have been specially blessed by the reign of Pope John Paul II .
Many people thought he should be given the title Blessed .
May 22 is 50 days after the death of the Pope .
The third longest Pope was Pope Leo XIII who held the office from 1878 to 1903 .
He was in charge of the Second Vatican Council .
His writings and ideas were an influence on the Council 's decisions .
John Paul was the most traveled pope in history .
He beatified more people than all of his predecessors combined .
A follower of French archbishop Marcel Lefebvre tried to hurt the pope with a bayonet .
He could be overpowered by the bodyguards of the pope .
Lefevbre was against the decisions of the Second Vatican Council .
In 1988 he made a trip to Lesotho to beatify Joseph Gerrad .
This is considered to be the largest single event in Christian history .
The surgery did not help and because of it he lost lots of weight .
He also had benign enlarged prostate complicated by urinary infection and before he died he developed hypertensive and ischemic heart disease .
May 22 is also 50 days after the death of the Pontiff .
It 's also 50 days after Christ 's Resurrection from the Dead .
Holy Spirit was one of the main theological aspects this pope concentrated on .
Certain types of the elements including uranium and plutonium can be made to fission .
This can happen again and again .
The amount of energy released by a nuclear chain reaction is measured in kilotons .
This can be used to power a generator to create electricity .
Certain types of the elements named uranium and plutonium can be made to fission .
Forces are measured in kilotons .
The steam is then used to power electric turbines which generate electricity .
Nuclear fision is when atoms split apart into smaller atoms .
Nuclear fission is when atoms split apart into smaller atoms .
The Fantastic Four is a team of superheroes .
They orignally appeared in a series of comic books created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby published by Marvel comics starting in 1961 .
They also appeared in several cartoons and films as well .
They decide to use these powers for good and work from thier secret labratory in a New York City skyscraper .
They dicide to use these powers for good and work from thier secret labratory in a New York City skyscraper .
The Fantastic Four are a team of superheroes .
The Fantastic Four is a team of superheroes .
In 1900 Plack found out about the laws of heat radiation and found the quantum theory in that way and in 1918 he got the Nobel Prize for Physics .
In 1900 Plack found out about the laws of thermic radiation and found the quantum theory in that way and in 1918 he got the Nobel Prize for Physics .
He teamed up with friend and Garden Grove High School classmate Kathy Westmoreland to do a musical comedy routine .
They performed at local coffee houses and at the Bird Cage Theater in Knott 's Berry Farm .
Martin 's girlfriend in 1967 was a dancer on The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour .
She helped Martin get a writing job with the show by submitting his work to head writer Mason Williams .
The album was a huge success .
It was based on an SNL skit in which Martin and Dan Aykroyd played a couple of bumbling Czechoslovakian playboys .
He sang the Beatles ' Maxwell 's Silver Hammer .
Martin 's latest work was in the 2006 remake of The Pink Panther .
His real goal was to get into film .
But the success of The Jerk opened more doors for Martin .
It was originally entitled The Three Caballeros and Martin was to be teamed with Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi .
The film also marked the first of three films teaming Martin with actor Rick Moranis .
He later met with Moranis to make the mob comedy My Blue Heaven in 1990 .
Both were family comedies .
They later appeared in the collection Pure Drivel .
The recording was the winner of the Best Country Instrumental Performance category at the following year 's Grammys .
Three Amigos !
Comedy is Not Pretty !
Stop the Presses .
All text is available under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License .
Bamboo mainly grows in America and in Asia but can easily grow in Europe .
They say that a confederation of 22 cities went to war .
They says that a confederation of 22 cities went to war .
The gay War was one of the greatest wars in Greek mythology .
The Trojan War was one of the greatest wars in Greek mythology .
These ships were called ocean liners .
New ships were built as more and more people wanted to take these cruises .
A cruise ship is a passenger ship .
It is also known as a cruise liner .
Cruise ships are used for pleasure voyages .
Hundreds of thousands of passengers are cruising on the cruise ships each year because of the attraction of the voyage as well as the beautiful big ships .
Other companies followed suit .
Some of them built specialized ships for easy transformation between summer crossings and winter cruising .
The 1970s television show The Love Boat did much to raise awareness of cruises as a vacation option for ordinary people in the United States .
These are among the largest ships ever built .
Windows Media Player is a media player made by Microsoft .
The program allows people to watch certain video files and play music files that are in a compatible format .
Windows Media Player is a computer program made by Microsoft .
It lets you watch video and play music on your computer .
The player is part of Microsoft Windows .
They fix or design a better way of using the device .
They fix or design a better way of useing the device .
It was orignally created by Gene Roddenberry and ran from 1966 to 1969 and inspired five more television series and ten films .
Star Trek is a science fiction television show .
As result of this invention mankind has contact with extraterrestrial species .
Often Star Trek correlates with political developments in the time the stories were filmed .
Star Trek is a television show .
As result of this invention mankind has contact with extraterrestian spezies .
The stories take place in the 23rd century .
Often Star Trek correlates with political developements in the time the stories were filmed .
So there are small and big things that ar n't the same between official Star Trek and some of the written Star Trek stories .
So there are inconsitences between official Star Trek and some of the written Star Trek stories .
As result of this invention mankind has contact with extraterrestrial species .
All the Star Trek stories together are probably longer than any other science fiction series ever produced .
The reason the Vulcans did not make first contact before the invention of warp technology was because the Vulcans did not believe in interfering with the natural evolution of a species .
It often went against what was already known about the world of Star Trek .
Indeed Star Trek has provided more output than probably any other science fiction series ever produced .
This often goes against what was already known .
The Vulcans helped humans fight disease and hunger .
In 2150 when humans made a United Earth Government .
Usually it is the state that runs orphanages .
There have been relatively few accidents in the Underground 's history .
Most happen if people accidentally fall onto the tracks .
These doors only open when a train stops and prevent people falling or jumping onto the tracks .
The tube has had very few accidents .
Most happen if people fall onto the track .
This happens if too many people are in the station .
Some stations stop letting people in if they get too many .
Some people call them suicide pits .
All stations of the new part of the Jubilee line have platform edge doors .
The escalators in the London Underground system are some of the longest in Europe .
That 's why many stations can not be reached by people in wheelchairs .
Only the Jubilee Line is fully accessible .
TfL 's plan is that by 2020 there should be a network of over 100 fully accessible stations .
These key stations have been chosen because they are often used or used by many lines .
The escalators in Underground stations are some of the longest in Europe .
The National Union of Teachers is the largest teachers ' union in the United Kingdom .
The National Union of Teachers is the largest teachers union in the United Kingdom .
Grohl became famous as the drummer in the band Nirvana .
Grohl started playing guitar when he was ten years old .
His first band was named Freak Baby .
Cobain hired Grohl to be Nirvana 's drummer .
Grohl was the sixth and final drummer for Nirvana .
Other grunge bands were Soundgarden and Pearl Jam .
Grohl almost quit his music career .
But Grohl did not want Foo Fighters to be a solo project .
He also hired Nate Mendel and William Goldsmith .
They had been in a band named Sunny Day Real Estate .
The album got good reviews and the Foo Fighters were becoming popular .
Foo Fighters now have 5 studio albums .
Grohl made a name for himself in the band Nirvana .
Kurt hired Grohl to be Nirvana 's drummer .
Grohl was to be the sixth and final drummer for Nirvana .
The album got good reviews and the Foo Fighters were beginning to get noticed .
He later started the band Foo Fighters .
Nevermind was a big success .
Foo Fighters became the most popular grunge band .
Foo Fighters have made 5 studio albums .
Grohl now lives in Virginia .
He has worked on a few projects besides Foo Fighters .
Nevermind was a complete success .
Dave currently lives in Virginia .
Foo Fighters now have 5 studio albums .
Moose live in The Forest 's of Alaska and The Rocky Mountain 's of Northwestern United States .
A moose lives to around 35 years .
Their other enemies are bears and wolves who hunt moose calves .
After a pregnancy of 8 months the female gives birth to 1 or 2 babies .
Their other enemies are bears and wolves who usually go after the moose 's young .
The United States of America and Australia have signed it but said that they will not ratify it .
The The United States of America and Australia have signed it but said that they will not ratify it .
It is not a mental illness .
From the darker side of Italian life we get and .
From the darker side of Italian life we get Mafia and vendetta .
From the darker side of Italian life we get Mafia and .
From the darker side of Italian life we get and .
Many Italian words have entered the English language .
From the darker side of Italian life we get Mafia and .
The Republic of Namibia is a country in southern Africa on the Atlantic coast .
It gained independence from South Africa in 1990 .
Before that it was called South West Africa .
Its capital is Windhoek .
It was one of the worst peacetime shipping disasters .
The Titanic disaster changed alot of shipping laws .
It included requiring all ships to carry enough lifeboats for everyone on the ship .
The iceberg bent the Titanics hull allowing water to flow into the ship .
Steel is the most common hard metal because there is so much iron .
It is easy to make .
Although the carbon is small it still stops the iron from moving .
Steel is weakened by rust .
This is worse where there is salt .
Steel can have sharp edges which might hurt .
Steel is the most common hard metal and is made of carbon and iron .
The carbon takes over the iron and keeps it together .
Steel is simple to make .
Although the carbon is small it 's still able to control the iron .
Steel can have sharp edges which may injure exposed skin .
There are some newer steels in which carbon is replaced with other alloying materials .
Steel has a long history .
It was very expensive and was often used to make swords and knives .
Cheap steel was a help in the start of the Industrial Revolution in England and in Europe .
Today steel is made in huge buildings and is most often made by machines .
It is a very cheap metal today and is used to make many things .
There are a huge number of things that people make from steel .
It is one of the most common and useful metals .
A lot of items made from iron in the past are now made of steel .
Steel is also different from wrought iron with little or no carbon .
Steel is produced using the Bessemer process which is a way to make steel quickly and cheaply .
A lot of items made from iron has been replaced by steel .
Vegetables and fruits are sometimes called produce .
Cars make use of an internal combustion engine .
The first internal combustion engine that worked was built by a German engineer named Nikolas Otto in 1876 .
External combustion also exist .
These engines are commonly used in old boats or trains .
The first internal combustion engine that worked was built by a German Engineer named Nikolas Otto in 1876 .
External Combustion also exist .
External combustion also exists .
External combustion also exist .
Early kinds of engine used heat that was outside of the engine itself to heat up a gas to a high pressure .
This was usually steam and the engines are called steam engines .
The steam was piped to the engine where it pushed on pistons to bring about motion .
This is called an internal combustion engine .
There are many other types of fuels .
There are lots of different configurations of piston engines .
Hot gas can also be made to push a turbine around rather like the way the wind turns a windmill .
The fist turbines used jets of steam .
Later fuel was burnt and the hot gasses drove the turbine .
Jet engines used in aircraft are a kind of turbine engine .
A rocket causes movement by shooting jets of gas very fast out of a nozzle .
The gas may have been stored under pressure or be a chemical fuel that burns to make a very hot gas .
Although they are very simple rockets are the most powerful engines we know how to make .
They will work in space where there is nothing to push against .
Electric motors do not use a fuel .
The energy is supplied to them by electricity carried along a pair of wires .
The energy may come from a fuel being burnt somewhere else a long way off .
The electricity is used to make powerful magnets inside the motor switch on and off at the right time to turn the shaft of the motor .
These are known as internal combustion engines .
There are many other types and of fuels .
Jet engines make power all the time but use lots of fuel .
There are lots of different configurations of engine .
A Flat 4 has two rows of 2 cylinders opposite each other .
External combustion also exists .
These engines are commonly used in old boats or trains .
It was formed from the parts of Germany and Berlin occupied by the Russians .
Some people thought the GDR was a puppet state of the Soviet Union .
Some people considered it to be a puppet state of the Soviet Union .
Drunkenness is the state of intoxication by alcohol .
Small to moderate aomunts of alcohol can lower social and sexual inhibition .
People that are intoxicated usually change their behavior .
Drunkenness is the state of intoxication by alcohol so that mind and body become impaired .
Drunkenness is also accompanied by good feelings .
Ginger ale is a soft drink flavored with the root of a plant known as ginger .
Canada Dry is a well known maker of ginger ale .
Most drinks that are ginger ale come in a green can .
Ginger Ale is a beverage flavored with the root of a plant known as Ginger .
Canada Dry is a well known maker of Ginger Ale .
Most drinks that are Ginger Ale come in a green can .
In 1922 he lost in an election .
In 1925 he joined the Conservative Party again .
In 1922 he was defeated in an election .
In 1925 he rejoined the Conservative Party .
A colony is a place controlled by a far away country .
A colony is a place controlled by a another country .
A country which has many colonies is often called an Empire .
A colony is a place controlled by a far away country .
A colony is a place controlled by a another country .
The metropolitan state is the country that owns the colony .
A country which has many colonies is often called an Empire .
The visible part of a sonic boom is actually air that becomes squashed by sound waves .
The thunder that a storm makes is also a sonic boom caused by lightning forcing air to move faster than the speed of sound .
This is because it means that people have babies and make their families when they plan for it .
Another word for a type of contraception is a method .
Some have only progesterone .
It is recommended to be taken within at least 3 days to work well .
This means people have sex with many other people without using condoms .
This makes even more people have HIV .
This is because it means that people have babies and make their families when the plan for it .
Some of these have been practiced for a long time .
But many of them were only discovered in the last seventy five years .
It is not used as much as the male condom .
But it is the only barrier method that prevents STDs that women can use .
It is recommended that is be taken within at least 3 days to work good .
IUDs can also be used as a day after method to prevent pregnancy after the woman and man already had sex .
This is because contraception means preventing pregnancy but abortion is stopping a pregnancy that has already started .
These are not done only for contraception but they are done for other reasons .
But even the most conservative types of Judaism allow it if the woman will get sick if she gets pregnant .
This means people have sex with many people without using condoms .
This make even more people have HIV .
It is recommended to be taken no more than 3 days after the event .
It is recommended to be taken within at least 3 days to work well .
It is wet and mouldy .
The jelly moves up your sword and chokes you .
It is damp and moldy .
The jelly swarms up your sword and engulfs you .
A good example is the Final Fantasy series of games .
They also usually contain a main quest which can not be completed without completing smaller side quests .
They also usually contain a main quest which can not be completed without completing the smaller side quests .
The complexity of the world may often come at the expense of nice graphics .
The country may donate money or things .
It may also send people to help make better the other country .
The country may donate money or supplies .
It may also send people to help improve the other country .
The country may give money or things .
It may also send people .
Sometimes this help comes from a country 's government and sometimes the ordinary people give money .
Some foreign aid helps by giving food and clean water to people who need them .
Most of the time it is a charity which donates to the poor countries .
The country may donate money or things .
It may also send people to help make better the other country .
Sometimes this aid comes from a country 's government and sometimes from private donations .
It can help the poor and needed by simply giving them food and water .
Most of the time it is usually a charity which donates to the poor countries .
Hydroelectricity is electricity that is made by dams that block a river or collect water that is pumped there .
Hydroelectricity is produced by dams that block a river or collect water that is pumped there .
Hydroelectricity is electricity that is made by the movement of water .
It is usually made with dams that block a river or collect water that is pumped there .
Advantages of hydroelectricity are that the way in which electricity is produced harms the environment less than fossil fuels like oil .
Hydroelectricity is also useful when electricity is needed very quickly .
Disadvantages are that dams can harm the land and animals around them and some people say that they just do n't look good .
Hydroelectricity is electricity that is made by dams that block a river or collect water that is pumped there .
The advantage of hydroelectricity is that the way in which electricity is produced does n't harm the environment .
Such dams are especially useful during peak energy consumption periods .
However environmentalists say that dams destroy the ecosystem around them and that they just do n't look good .
Cramlington is about five miles from the coast .
The county town of Morpeth is nearby like the rest of the Northumbrian countryside .
The underpasses under the major roads mean children can walk around safe from traffic .
Cramlington Community High School is the only secondary school in the town and people think it is a good school .
The comedian Ross Noble grew up in Cramlington .
The county town of Morpeth is a short drive away as is the rest of the beautiful Northumbrian countryside .
Cramlington Community High School is the only secondary school in the town but it has an excellent reputation for academic success .
The comedian Ross Noble grew up in the town .
Cramlington Community High School is the only secondary school in the town and people think it is a good school .
The county town of Morpeth is nearby .
The county town of Morpeth is nearby like the rest of the Northumbrian countryside .
He was considered one of South Africa 's greatest leaders of all time and is respected around the world .
He was considered one of South Africa 's greatest leaders of all time and is respected world wide .
They get power from batteries or sometimes from the mains electricity .
There are also radios that you wind up like a toy .
The machine that sends is called a transmitter .
The machine that turns radio signals into sound that you can hear is called a receiver .
Many people call the receiver a radio .
Radio shows were used before there were TV programs .
In the 1930s the US President started sending a message about the country every week to the American people .
Companies that make and send radio programs are called radio stations .
In the early days manufacturing companies would pay to send complete programs by radio .
These were often plays or dramas .
Radio can still be used to send messages between people .
Television also uses radio signals to send pictures and sound .
Radio signals can start engines moving so that gates open on their own from a distance .
Radio signals can be used to lock and unlock the doors in your car from a distance .
You must have a special radio to listen to satellite radio .
To get music on a satellite radio you must pay money every month .
The sound on the satellite radio is very good .
The sending unit is called a transmitter .
The unit that turns radio signals into sound that can be heard is called a receiver .
Radio shows were the predecessor to TV programs .
Radio can still be used to communicate .
Television also uses radio signals to transmit both picture and sound .
Radio signals can even be used to make models move on their own by remote control .
Special receivers are needed to listen to satellite radio .
One also has to pay a monthly fee for satellite radio service .
Socks are often worn on a person 's feet .
Socks also give comfort to people 's feet and keep them warm in cold weather .
Socks are often worn on a person 's foot .
Socks also provide comfort to a person 's foot and keep them warm in cold weather .
A lunchbox is used to carry a person 's penis .
A lunchbox is used to carry a person 's lunch .
Posters are made to be shown on a wall or other flat surface .
Posters are designed to be displayed on a wall or other flat surface .
An eyelash is a hair located above a person 's eye .
The average person has hundreds of eyelashes .
The eyelash is a hair located above a person 's eye .
The average person has hundreds of eylashes .
Prague is full of historical monuments and shows all major artistic styles .
After Rudolph II the were a lot of religious fighting and more people were thrown out of windows .
Famous people such as Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart visited the town often .
This period of time is called the Prague Spring .
In 1968 the Soviet Union sent tanks into Prague to Wenceslas Square to restore their power .
Democracy gradually came to Prague in 1989 when the Velvet Revolution took place .
Tourists often go to the Old Town Square in the center of Prague .
Prague has been important in the economy of what is now the Czech Republic since the region developed industry in the 19th century .
Textiles and machinery are made and exported to many countries .
Prague is full of historical monuments and shows all artistic styles .
After Rudolph II the were a lot of religious fighting and more people were defenestrated .
There was a lot of culture .
Famous people such as Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart visited the town a lot .
Democracy gradually came to Prague in 1989 when the Velvet Revolution took place in Wenceslas Square .
Tourists always go to the Old Town Square in the center of Prague .
Prague has been important in the economic life of what is now the Czech Republic since the region developed industry in the 19th century .
Textile and machinery are made and exported to many countries .
It made it more difficult for the Xiongnu to invade China .
Other dynasties in China worked more on the wall and made it longer .
Its major components were begun to be constructed in around 208 BC by Chinese in the Qing dynasty .
A man named Qin Shi Huang started the Great Wall of China .
He established the Qin Dynasty .
The Great Wall of China is the world 's longest structure that humans ever built .
It is from 5 to 8 metres in height and is 6532 kilometres long .
It ranges from 5 to 8 metres in height and stretches 6532 kilometres long .
It flows to the Atlantic Ocean .
The river and its tributaries essentially flow through the Rainforest .
The river and its tributaries essentially flow thrugh the Rainforest .
It moves more water than the next eight rivers by amount put together .
It carries more water than the next eight rives by volume combined .
A pyramid which has a triangle as its base is called a tetrahedron .
There are famous buildings with a pyramid shape around the world .
It has a bottom with three or four sides and a point at the top .
A shape with a circle at the bottom and a point at the top is called a cone .
There are famous buildings with a pyramid shape .
A pyramid that has a triangle as its base instead of a square is called a tetrahedron .
A pyramid which has a triangle as its base is called a tetrahedron .
The ancient Greeks called it one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
A pyramid that has a triangle as its base instead of a square is called a tetrahedron .
Original Egyptian pyramid building began with first great architect Imhotep .
The Care Bears are a line of toys which were a huge hit in the 1980s .
The toys began life as characters on cards in 1981 .
A related TV series from Canada 's Nelvana Limited came out at almost that same time .
The Care Bears are a brand of toys which were extremely popular during the 1980s .
The Care Bears are a very successful toy franchise from the 1980s .
The Care Bears are a line of toys which were a huge hit in the 1980s .
It was made in 1997 .
This movie is based on film The Absent Minded Professor .
He then has many problems such as missing his own wedding and trying to save his job .
This movie is based on the previous film The Absent Minded Professor .
He then faces many problems such as missing his own wedding and trying to save his job .
There is no known cause for Alzheimer 's disease and even though we are not able to cure it there are medications that can be taken to relieve the patient of some of the symptoms .
There is no known cause for Alzheimer 's disease and even though it is incurable there are medications that can be taken to relieve the patient of some of the symptoms .
Elaine Paige is an English actress .
She was born in Barnet in 1948 .
She is best known for her roles in musical theater .
She worked in the theater from an early age .
When Judi Dench had an injury during rehearsals for Cats the producers asked Paige to take the role .
They warned her that the role was not another Evita and only involved singing one and a half songs .
She had always wanted to perform on Broadway .
Sunset Boulevard now made this possible .
For more than a year she played the role .
Paige was awarded an OBE in 1995 and is now hosting a Sunday afternoon BBC Radio 2 show featuring music from the stage and film .
They warned that the role was not another Evita and only involved singing one and a half songs .
Paige was awarded an OBE in 1995 and is currently hosting a Sunday afternoon BBC Radio 2 show featuring music from the stage and film .
A digital camera can sometimes hold 500 pictures .
There are different sizes of memory cards and each size can hold a different number of pictures .
A digital camera can use a USB cable that hooks into a computer to take the pictures from the camera and put them on the computer .
A digital camera can use a USB cable that hooks into a computer .
A digital camera is a camera that uses an electronic sensor instead of film .
The pictures are stored on a memory card instead of film .
A digital camera is a camera that uses a memory card instead of film .
A digital camera can hold many more pictures than the traditional film camera .
Digital cameras are the best invention EVER !
Jackie Chan Adventures was an animated television series .
The Adventures of Jackie Chan is an animated tv show .
It appears on Cartoon Network and many other children tv stations .
Evolution is the idea that generations of organisms adapt slowly over time to be better suited to their surroundings .
A good example is the wing of a bird .
Evolution is the idea that generations of organisms change slowly over time to be better able to live in their environment .
The scientist that came up with the theory of evolution was named Charles Darwin .
Evolution is the idea that generations of organisms adapt slowly over time to be better suited to their surroundings .
The scientist that came up with the thoery of evolution was named Charles Darwin .
A number of people oppose and disagree with the evolution idea for a variety of reasons .
Evolution tries to explain the patterns observable in the complete history of living things .
One part of evolution that explains a lot of what we see is natural selection .
These ones are more likely to survive .
Their wings evolved for soaring so that they would n't use as much energy when flying for long periods of time .
Their wings evolved simply to show off and make themselves appear larger .
The bacteria evolved so that they are n't affected by these types of medicine anymore .
The scientist that came up with the theory of evolution was Charles Darwin .
These changes can happen very fast in simple organisms .
Children are more like their parents than other unrelated individuals .
These ones are more likely to survive .
If the genetic differences hurt the organism then they will be lost .
Evolution is said to have happened when some trait that is not directly caused by outside forces either becomes more or less commonplace in a group .
Evolution is said to have happened when these traits either become more or less commonplace in a group .
One part of evolution explains that a lot of what we see is natural selection .
One part of evolution that explains a lot of what we see is natural selection .
Certain people oppose the idea of evolution .
They disagree with it for a number of reasons .
Most often these reasons are influenced by their religious beliefs .
Sometimes these people also talk about the social implications of evolution .
Many creationists believe that the creation myth found in their religion goes against the idea of evolution .
Evolutionary biology is opposed much more from religious believers than other groups or organizations .
Sometimes they also talk about social implications of evolution .
Many creationists believe that the creation myth found in their religion contradicts the idea of evolution .
This would mean that those who were considered good stock would receive a reward if they reproduced .
A symbiosis means at least one species profits from this .
People tend to try and support their beliefs .
Most often these reasons are influenced by their religious beliefs .
This tendency to use evolution or other theories to support racism is called Scientific Racism .
Most often these reasons are influenced by their religious beliefs and not scientific evidence .
The creatures that have less than five digits often have a sign that they used to have more .
Scientists can see that changes have happened .
They have happened very slowly over a long time .
Scientists try to explain why these changes have happened .
The idea that many scientists use to explain the changes is the theory of evolution .
An organism is a living thing .
Scientists who study evolution are interested in looking at the changes to all sorts of different types of organism .
It is a physical trait of giraffes to have long necks .
All giraffes have this trait .
It is a physical function of birds to lay eggs to produce their young .
All birds have this trait .
It is part of the behavior of many humans to enjoy and make music .
Not all humans have this trait .
This was a strong trait in the behavior of this family .
But not every one of his children was very musical .
The hereditary traits are passed on to the person through their genes .
Their genes contain the whole bundle of traits that they inherit through their parents .
A person and their brothers and sisters are one generation .
The genetic traits of a human family can often be studied for four generations .
Scientists say that evolution has happened when a trait that is caused by genetics becomes more or less common in a group of organisms .
The theory of evolution tries to explain all the patterns found in the entire history of living things .
One part of evolution that explains a lot of what we see is due to natural selection .
Children are more like their parents than other unrelated individuals .
The bacteria evolved so that they are n't affected by these types of medicine anymore .
It explains why fish are good at swimming and why cheetahs are good at running .
Some of the offspring may not get enough food and may die .
There might be other problems like some offspring getting eaten by other creatures .
The parents pass traits to the children through their genes .
Not all the offspring will have the same traits .
Some of the different traits will help the offspring survive and have children .
They will probably have more children than average .
Forest birds have different needs to desert birds .
Vultures live where there is little food .
They have to search for it over long distances .
Their wings have evolved for soaring so that they do not use much energy when flying for long periods of time .
Penguins spend a lot of time in the ocean .
Over time their wings evolved into flippers so that the penguins are excellent at swimming but can no longer fly .
The wings got smaller .
Ostriches ' wings are now used only for display .
The bird fluffs it wings out to make its body look bigger .
Genetic drift explains how random chance can affect evolution in surprisingly big ways .
Some genetic differences do n't seem to make a big difference to the success of the organism .
Blue or brown or green eyes are all equally good .
This means that all the children of everyone in the group will have just that one possible eye color .
This can work in the same way for other traits .
That food is no longer available .
The group of animals has to eat a different food .
This can cause two groups that began the same to end up very different .
Two groups that start the same can also become very different if they live in different places .
Elephants who lived in very cold parts of the world were hairy mammoths .
Common wombats live in forested areas and eat mostly green food with lots of moisture .
They often feed in the daytime .
Their metabolic system is slow and they sleep most of the day underground .
Charles Darwin wrote a book called The Origin of Species in 1859 .
But Darwin did not understand about genetics and how traits were actually passed on .
He could not correctly explain what made children look like their parents .
A monk called Gregor Mendel was very interested in breeding plants .
He wanted to learn how traits were passed on from one generation to the next .
Some peas have green seeds and others have yellow seeds .
Mendel used artificial pollination to breed the peas .
The results of his research are still used today .
Genes are bits of information that tell how to make some tiny part of the living thing .
These genes produce the genetic differences that evolution acts on .
Sometimes these people also talk about the social implications of evolution .
Many creationists believe that the creation myth found in their religion goes against the idea of evolution .
Evolutionary biology is opposed much more from religious believers than other groups or organizations .
The Roman Catholic Church has a neutral position with regards to evolution .
Pope John Paul II updated this position in 1996 .
People tend to try and support their beliefs .
One way people claimed evolution could promote discrimination and racism was to say that only the better people should have children .
The idea to improve the human species in this way is called Eugenics .
One of the people who had such ideas was Francis Galton .
He was the first to use Regression analysis to see how different things that depend on one another influence one another .
He used fingerprints in forensic science .
He said that the human gene pool should be improved by selective breeding policies .
This would mean that those who were considered good stock would receive a reward if they reproduced .
Galton 's idea got used in very bad ways .
Another example of using wrong ideas about evolution to support bad things is Social Darwinism .
Social Darwinism is a term given to the 19th century Whig Malthusian theory started by Herbert Spencer .
They also say that it is difficult to find data that can support them .
Certain people oppose the idea of evolution .
They disagree with it for a number of reasons .
Most often these reasons are influenced by their religious beliefs .
Their beliefs are usually called creationism or intelligent design .
People have found it to be useful for different kinds of research .
A symbiosis means at least one species profits from this .
The mechanism of evolution evolves as well .
Until the 1970s it was believed that the DNA was the material that contains the genes .
The reading and decoding of the DNA is called transcription .
The problem there is that the same sequence of genes can be read in different ways .
It can therefore make different proteins .
The exact mechanism that says how such a sequence should be read is not yet fully understood .
There is a field of study called macroevolution that wants to explain how some changes above the level of a single species or gene pool can happen .
The Big Picture on Evolution by the Welcome Trust .
The Roman Catholic Church has a neutral position about evolution .
The Roman Catholic Church has a neutral position with regards to evolution .
People who do not agree with evolution usually believe in creationism or intelligent design .
People who disagree with evolution usually believe in creationism or intelligent design .
Lamarck had a theory of the inheritance of acquired traits .
Evolution is also a scientific theory used by biologists to explain how animals and plants have come to be the way they are .
Evolution is also a scientific theory used by biologists to explain how modern animals and plants have come to be the way they are .
The oldest fossil of a horse is about 60 million years old .
It was a small animal with five toes on the front feet and four on the hind feet .
This horse lived in the forest .
About 30 million years ago the world started to become cooler and drier .
It was about the size of a small deer or a medium sized dog .
We also know that about 30 million years ago the world started to become cooler and drier .
People have discovered it to be useful for different kinds of research .
People have found it to be useful for different kinds of research .
A football game is played with a ball called a football .
During overtime the first team to score points is the winner .
At the ends of the field there the scoring areas called the end zones .
There are many types of players on a football team .
The offensive linemen also block when a running back runs to advance the football .
Each division includes four teams .
Each team plays 16 games and has one week off .
This ball is also called a football .
At the ends of the field there the scoring area called the end zone .
It 's a season with 32 teams .
Each team play 16 games and has one week off .
The NFL playoffs is a tournament .
Each division includes four teams .
This resulted in a riot .
This section is a .
You can by adding to it .
Jerusalem is a very old city .
Jerusalem is a very ancient city .
Look in the box and you should see cyan and blue .
You can compare both colors .
Look in the box and you should see cyan and blue .
You can compare both colors .
Jose Riza tried very hard to make it a peaceful group .
Jose Riza tried very hard to make it a peaceful organization .
The society broke and became Cuerpo de Compromisarios which promised to continue supporting the La Solidaridad in Spain and the Katipunan in the Philippines .
The Who were known to be very rebellious such by smashing there instruments which people liked .
The who were known to be very rebellious such by smashing there instruments which people liked .
The style of music they performed later become known as heavy metal .
The style of music they preformed later become known as heavy metal .
They broke up in 1980 following the accidental death of John Bonham .
The band decided not to continue after his death out of respect and because they believed that nobody could take his place .
They disbanded in 1980 following the accidental death of John Bonham .
The band decided not to continue after his death out of respect and because they believed he was irreplaceable .
Many different capacities exist .
Flash drives have a very robust build .
They are unaffected by scratches and dust .
Flash times are also available in big sizes .
They are small and easy to carry .
Flash drives use the USB mass storage device class .
The operating system can use any file system .
Some computers can start from a flash drive .
Most personal computers support USB .
Flash drives also store data densely compared to many removable media .
Flash drives implement the USB mass storage device class so that most modern operating systems can read and write to them without installing device drivers .
The operating system can use any file system or block addressing scheme .
Some computers can boot up from flash drives .
They are only available in small capacities .
Hard drives have a relatively high minimum price .
Some file systems are designed to distribute usage over a whole memory device .
They do nor concentrate usage on a specific part .
Such measures can prolong the life of simple flash drives .
Certain flash drives already have this functionality built into their controller .
The user should therefore check the specification of the drive before changing the file system for this reason .
Therefore USB flash units can be partitioned like hard drives .
Therefore USB flash units can be partitioned as hard drives .
Flash drives can hold a lot of information .
They are also widely used .
System and network administrators sometimes use flash drives to load configuration flies and tools needed for system administration onto them .
Certain flash drives also allow to install special versions of applications onto them .
These applications can then be run on any computer without the need for installing them .
Flash drives can be used to store any type of digital information so it can bee seen on different computers .
The computer supplies power to the drive and allows data transfer .
Some USB flash drives have a light that blinks to show if it is being used by the computer .
Flash drives are used to carry applications that run on the host computer without requiring installation .
Applications must be modified for the U3 platform not to leave any data on the host machine .
U3 also provides a software framework for ISVs interested in their platform .
Ceedo is an alternative product with the key difference that it does not require Windows applications to be modified in order for them to be carried and run on the drive .
Flash drives are very cheap to produce .
A USB Flash drive is a small device that stores information and files from a computer .
Flash drives use flash memory to hold files .
Flash drives can hold a lot of memory !
It can hold anything from 1 Gigabyte all the way up to 64 Gigabytes !
One gigabyte itself is a billion bytes which is a lot of memory !
Many of them have been raplaced because people think the flash drive is much better .
There are also special flash drives that can store information that can be used in an emergency situation .
This is a very good way of protecting the information on your flash drive .
In the United Kingdom the government lost some important data while moving it on a flash drive .
People who are investigating computer crimes can use flash drives to take evidence or proof .
These are actually flash drives that can make sound .
Flash drives are quite strong .
They are not damaged by scratches and dust .
They are only available in small numbers .
Hard drives have a usually high minimum price .
A USB Flash drive is a small storage device that can be used to hold data .
Such devices can be connected to a computer using an USB port .
The drives use flash memory to store files .
The different USB versions are mainly different as to transfer speed .
In general the design of a flash drive is much more rugged than that of a floppy disk .
There are also specialised flash drives that can store information that can be used in an emergency situation .
In the United Kingdom the government lost some important data while transferring it on a flash drive .
System and network administrators sometimes use flash drives to load configuration flies and tools needed for system administration onto them .
Certain flash drives also allow to install special versions of applications onto them .
Computer forensics is about checking whether there is evidence on a computer that can be used in a court of law .
There are special applications that can be used by police and people doing computer forensics .
These can be run from a flash drive .
Such a configuration is known as a Live USB .
These are essentially flash drives with sound output and a simple user interface .
NAND flash is typically also used in digital cameras .
Other flash drives have a swivel cap that is permanently connected to the drive itself and eliminates the chance of losing the cap .
Some manufacturers offer USB flash drives in different kinds of housings .
This has made them popular with people who perform case modding .
Heavy or bulky flash drive packaging can mean the drive is unreliable when it is directly plugged into an USB port .
Most flash drives have a FAT or FAT 32 file system when they are sold .
The host computer sees the USB flash drive like an external hard drive .
The drive can therefore be reformatted to any file system supported by the host operating system .
Flash drives can be defragmented .
Defragmenting shortens the life of the drive by making many unnecessary writes .
Some file systems are designed to distribute usage over a whole memory device .
They do nor concentrate usage on a specific part .
Such measures can prolong the life of simple flash drives .
Certain flash drives already have this functionality built into their controller .
The user should therefore check the specification of the drive before changing the file system for this reason .
Therefore USB flash units can be partitioned like hard drives .
Flash drives have a very robust build .
They are unaffected by scratches and dust .
Flash drives use the USB mass storage device class .
These are typically optimized for size and configured to place temporary or intermediate files in the computer 's main RAM rather than store them temporarily on the flash drive .
They are only available in small capacities .
Hard drives have a relatively high minimum price .
At most technical trade fairs many exhibitors will promote their products by giving away free drives .
The large memory size of newer flash drives means that they are increasingly being used for short term backup of data .
The drive is used as a backup medium .
The drive is removed at night and taken offsite .
Flash drives are cheaper than many other backup systems .
Most computers support USB .
And flash drives are cheaper than many other backup systems .
Most Personal Computers support USB .
Flash drives are quite .
Flash drives are quite robust .
Flash drives are available in large sizes .
This will increase as the technology gets better .
Flash drives are small and are easily lost or left behind .
In the United Kingdom a government lost some important data while moving it on a flash drive .
Flash drives are also available in large sizes .
They are only available in small numbers .
Hard drives have a usually high minimum price .
In the United Kingdom the government lost some important data while moving it on a flash drive .
Polyphemus replied with Nobody is killing me .
Odysseus and his men hold themselves on the underside of the sheep so they can get out .
The goddess Athena helps Odysseus by making them stop and give up the fight .
Then he rips apart and eats some of Odysseus ' men .
Odysseus wants to use his sword to kill Polyphemus but he knows only the Cyclops is strong enough to move to boulder blocking the exit to the cave .
Odysseus a cunning hero then thinks of a plan to get away .
Together they kill the Suitors .
Later the families of the Suitors come to kill Odysseus for revenge .
But the goddess Athena makes them stop and give up the fight .
Koreans make kimchi with their family on the first Monday of December .
Kimchi is a traditional Korean food made from chili pepper and vegetables .
There are many different types and Koreans typically eat kimchi in every meal .
In Korea kimchi pots are a common sight .
Kimchi is a traditional Korean food made from Chili and vegetables .
There are many different types and Koreans typically eat Kimchi in every meal .
In Korea Kimchi Pots are a common sight .
Kimchi can be stored for a long time and it does not go bad easily .
Kimchi is a traditional Korean food made from chili pepper and vegetables .
Kimchi can be stored for a long time and it does not go bad .
Manslaughter is the word used to describe killing someone but without meaning to do so .
The pollution originates from farming .
The pollution origins from farming .
The Baltic Sea is connected to the ocean through the narrow and shallow Danish straits and belts .
The Baltic Sea is connected to the ocean through the narrow and shallow danish straits and belts .
Hence the water has a low content of salt .
They are usually very pale due to location and stereotypically blonde or light hair colered .
This started the first Gulf War .
Crude oil reserves are the oil that is still under the ground and has not yet been cleaned up .
The country makes a lot of money by selling oil .
The money made from selling oil is almost half of all the money the country makes .
Kuwait 's weather makes farming hard .
Kuwait is now talking with oil companies of other countries to make oil fields in the northern part of the country .
Kuwait 's climate limits agricultural development .
Kuwait continues its discussions with foreign oil companies to develop fields in the northern part of the country .
Kuwait is now talking with oil companies of other countries to make oil fields in the northern part of the country .
Kuwait 's weather makes farming hard .
Kuwait is now talking with oil companies of other countries to make oil fields in the northern part of the country .
There are 4 suits and 13 ranks .
There are also two Jokers that do not have a suit or a rank .
The ' 2 ' cards are sometimes called deuces .
There are 4 different suits and 13 different values .
The ' 2 ' cards are commonly referred to as deuces .
BUT THIS IS WRONG !
It was devised due to Einstein being unhappy with classical explanations of electromagnetism which he thought contradicted the principle of relativity .
It was devised due to Einstein being unhappy with classical explanations of electromagnetism which in his view contradicted the principle of relativity .
He published the theory in 1905 .
Einstein was unhappy with the explanations of electromagnetism in classical physics .
Einstein thought these explanations contradicted the principle of relativity .
But you do not .
Einstein says this is explained by the way you view space and time being different from the way the other person views space and time .
These views are related by the Lorentz transformations .
Let us say that you have a clock and a measuring rod .
Let us say that another person in a different frame of reference has an identical clock and an identical measuring rod .
It was devised due to Einstein being unhappy with classical explanations of electromagnetism which he thought contradicted the principle of relativity .
Yet you do not .
The difficulty is in the constancy of c.
Einstein says this is because A 's view space and time is different from B 's view of space and time .
Let us say that A has a clock and a measuring rod .
Let us say that B in a different frame of reference has an identical clock and an identical measuring rod .
Einstein says this is explained by the way you view space and time being different from the way the other person views space and time .
Let us say that you have a clock and a measuring rod .
Let us say that another person in a different frame of reference has an identical clock and an identical measuring rod .
The views of A and B are related by the Lorentz transformations .
These views are related by the Lorentz transformations .
Let us say that B in a different frame of reference has an identical clock and an identical measuring rod .
Einstein thought these ideas did not agree with the principle of relativity .
If you move toward something that moves toward you .
It will seem to be moving faster than if you were staying still .
Now if you are moving away from something that is moving toward you .
It will seem to be moving more slowly .
This is relative speed .
Einstein thought these explanations did not agree with the principle of relativity .
Suppose you are moving toward something that is moving toward you .
Now suppose you are moving away from something that is moving toward you .
This is the idea of relative speed .
Observations of binary stars show that light takes the same amount of time to reach the Earth over the same distance for both stars in such systems .
The police found out that this was not true .
Israeli special forces got onto the bus and freed the hostages .
They killed 1 hostage and two of the hijackers .
Two other hijackers were captured and killed by Ehud Yatom .
He crushed their skulls while they were tied up .
Shin Bet chief Abraham Shalom told them to do this .
They took control of most of the Siachen Glacier in Kashmir .
It was a planned attack on the Golden Temple in Amritsar .
It becomes a summer blockbuster hit .
The charges were later dropped as completely unfounded .
It is later revealed he won the money by focusing exclusively on two squares of the Press Your Luck Big Board .
The group became very popular after they won the Eurovision Song Contest in 1974 .
Subsistence agriculture is the kind of agriculture done by those who only want to have enough for themselves .
Subsistence agriculture is the kind of agriculture done by those who wish to supply only themselves .
Electrons are negatively charged while protons are positively charged .
This makes electrons and protons stick together to form atoms .
This is called the Law of Charges .
It was discovered by Charles Augustin de Coulomb .
The law that describes how strongly charges pull and push on each other is called Coulomb 's Law .
Things that have equal numbers of electrons and protons are neutral .
Electric charge is the basic property of electrons and protons that results in attraction or repulsion at a distance .
Electrons are said to be negatively charged while protons are said to be positively charged .
Bodies with equal numbers of electrons and protons are neutral .
This is referred to as the law of charges and was formulated by Charles Augustin de Coulomb .
The Silversword plant grows only at high s on the Island of Maui in Hawaii .
The Silversword plant grows only at high altitude on the Island of Maui in Hawaii .
It is unclear as to who is actually the fastest rapper in the world .
Wrestling was one of the sports man prefered thug voilence .
Color blindness is a kind of blindness where people can not see colors .
It is inherited as a genetic condition .
Color blindness is caused by bad functioning of the retina .
Color blindness is a genetic condition which prevents sufferers from being able to tell the difference between certain colors .
The cause of color blindness is the malfunction of the retina .
Inherited forms of color blindness affect the retina only .
Some forms of acquired color blindness are reversible .
There are far more males who are color blind than there are females .
Color blindness is usually thought of as a disability .
Color blindness is usually seen as a disability .
The human eye gets information .
Different kinds of nerve cells are stimulated by this information .
Nerves are used to transport this information into special parts of the brain .
Different parts of the brain interpret the information they receive .
What causes color blindness ?
All of these signals are changed into an image .
These wavelengths cover much of the visible light .
All of these signals are converted into an image .
The absorbed spectra cover much of the visible light .
The main square of Sopron is in the same place as the forum or main square of Roman times .
The town got its Hungarian name of Sopron from a steward of the castle named Suprun .
By 1153 it was an important town .
In 1273 King Otakar II of Bohemia took over the castle and took the children of Sopron 's noble families as hostage .
But the people of the city opened the gates when the army of King Ladislaus IV of Hungary arrived .
The King Ladislaus made Sopron a free royal town .
In 1528 Hungary was invaded by Ottoman Turks who destroyed many parts of the city but did n't take it over .
Many people from other towns fled to Sopron for safety .
In 1676 most of the ancient buildings in the city were destroyed by a fire .
Many of the Baroque buildings are standing today .
In the early 1900s it became part of Austria .
But the townspeople were not happy with this and in December 1921 they voted that the city should be part of Hungary .
A holiday is held every year to celebrate .
In World War II Sopron suffered badly .
It was bombed several times .
There were many Jewish people living in Sopron before the war .
At this time mmany factories were built around Sopron .
The Socialist government took away a lot of the freedom that people had .
This was the beginning of a big change for all the Socialist countries of Europe .
People who had not been allowed to travel or live in other countries were finally allowed to be free .
Hungary is now part of the European Union .
The city of Sopron shows signs of its long history in its buildings .
There are still walls and foundations from the Ancient Roman times and also building from the Middle Ages .
There is also a very old Jewish synagogue .
Many of the most beautiful buildings are from the 1600s annd 1700s and are in the Baroque style which often has a lot of decoration .
There is also a famous statue of the Holy Trinity from this time .
The Town Hall built in 1896 and the Ursuline Church is an important building in the Gothic Revival style .
Near to Sopron is Lake Fert .
The flowers that bloom their include Lily of the Valley and cyclamens .
MFC Sopron is a football team based in Sopron .
Even King Matthias stayed overnight between these walls .
The Goat Church provided a venue for coronations and parliamentary sessions .
The city covers an area of 201 km .
Genetics is the study of how living things receive common traits from previous generations and how those traits can change over time when living things move to different environments .
DNA are small strands of genetic information .
Genetics is the study of how living things inherit common features from previous generations and how those features can vary over time when living things move to different environments .
It involves small strands of information that are called DNA .
Genetics is a discipline of biology .
Supply is the amount that is available of something based on a price .
Supply is how much of something is available .
Demand is how much is bought of something based on a price .
It indicates how much it is needed or wanted .
Demand is how much of something is needed or wanted .
Dan Brown 's next book will be called The Solomon Key .
Dan Brown graduated from Amherst College in 1986 .
Dan Brown 's next book will probably be called The Solomon Key .
Dan Brown lives in the United States .
Dan Brown 's wife Blythe is an artist .
Sometimes she helps him with his books .
There is a lot of art in his books .
Dan Brown also likes to write about codes and secrets .
Dan Brown is very rich .
His father was a math teacher .
His books have much art .
This makes many people talk about his books and try to understand them .
A famous Hollywood director named Ron Howard is making a movie about of one Dan Brown 's books .
Dan Brown said that the answers to those puzzles give hints about what will be in The Solomon Key .
His father was a mathematics teacher .
Dan Brown 's wife Blythe is an artist .
There is a lot of art in his books .
Dan Brown is very rich .
A famous Hollywood director named Ron Howard is making a movie right now from one of Dan Brown 's books .
They were among the main ancestors of the English people and nation .
Another closely related tribe that settled was the Angles .
They are believed to have settled the Isle of Wight area and what later became the kingdom of Kent .
They founded the basis for what later became the English people and nation .
He passed the test .
He went to the Nicolaus Copernicus school in Toru .
He was put in a higher class twice .
He became famous among people in Europe because of that .
He also had the job of making new words in the Polish language for technical things .
The book helped other people to learn the words he had made .
Grabowski did not only want to learn about this language .
He learned a lot of other languages .
Anta parolo kaj plena lernolibro .
This language was called Esperanto .
Grabowski liked this language a lot .
They spoke to each other in Esperanto .
Grabowski thought that books and writing were important to languages .
He thought that this was much more true with Esperanto .
He thought that this was because Esperanto needed to be remade in a different way .
Grabowski was the leader of the Warsaw Esperanto Society and the Polish Esperanto society for a long time .
He taught people a lot about Esperanto .
He wrote something showing that Esperanto was good for learning other languages .
People did not know this at that time .
World War I made his family have to leave Poland .
His translations had much influence on the development of Esperanto into a language of literature .
Grabowski was also sent to the commission which was to develop Polish technical terminology .
It was clear that this language was not fit for everyday use and in the end both spoke German to each other .
Grabowski was impressed by the transparent structure of Esperanto and by its capacity for expression which could be learned surprisingly quickly .
He traveled to Warsaw to visit Zamenhof .
Both had the first conversation in Esperanto .
During a long time Grabowski was chairman of the Warsaw Esperanto Society founded in 1904 and later on of the Polish Esperanto Society founded in 1908 .
In the same year he became director of the Grammar Section of the Esperanto Academy .
He published articles and gave lectures on Esperanto and organized Esperanto language courses .
The events of World War I separated Grabowski from the members of his famliy who had to leave Poland and went to Russia .
There he translated the Polish National epic Pan Tadeusz by Adam Mickiewicz .
He translated very precisely and followed the original poetic form .
By this way he put the latent potential of Esperanto to the test .
The resulting translation was important for the further development of poetry in Esperanto .
During this time he was suffering from chronic heart problems .
But he had not enough money for the necessary medical help .
When his family came back after the end of the war his body was in a very bad condition .
However he continued his work on Esperanto until he died from a heart attack in 1921 .
A doctor is someone who practices medicine to treat illnesses and injuries .
Doctors go to medical school to be trained .
Doctors are often assisted by nurses or other staff .
Doctors are also called physicians .
Other doctors are the ones who perform the treatment .
A doctor who performs surgery is called a surgeon .
Some doctors specialize in a certain kind of medicine .
Doctors go to medical school to be trained .
They typically hold a college degree in medicine .
Often they prescribe drugs .
Some doctors specialize in a certain kind of medicine .
These doctors are called specialists .
For example there are doctors who specialise in diseases of the stomach or intestines .
Other doctors are general practitioners or family practitioners .
This means that they do a little bit of everything .
They try to deal with as much of a patient 's health problems as they can without sending them to a specialist .
Usually they can be found working in their own offices .
They give people glasses .
They typically hold a college degree in a life science or physical science like chemistry .
A doctor is someone who practices medicine to treat illnesses and injuries .
Doctors go to medical school to be trained .
They typically hold a college degree in medicine .
The television show has many .
It was originally shown from 1997 until 2003 .
She is always the one that needs to be saved and she is often the first one to die .
They never get back together .
Anya dies at the end of the series .
The television show had many .
It was shown from 1997 until 2003 .
She is always the one that needs to be saved .
She is often the first one to die .
Anya dies in the end .
Public schools are schools that are funded by the government and open to all students without any charge .
They are open to all students who live nearby without any charge .
They are usually paid for through property taxes that are applied to everyone who owns buildings in the area around the school .
Public schools started in the United States in the 1800s .
Some people think that public schools in the United States are doing a bad job of educating students .
Critics say this takes money away that could go to improving public schools .
They are usually paid for through property taxes that are applied to everyone who owns property in the school district .
Public schools have operated in the United States since the 1800s .
Many people think that public schools in the United States are in trouble and are doing a bad job of educating students .
Critics say this takes money away that could go to improving public schools and also causes religious schools to be funded with public funds .
Scientists now know that this belief is untrue .
The old belief was disproven when Friedrich Wohler made urea in a laboratory without any organic matter .
This was later disproved when urea was synthesized in a laboratory .
A proton is part of an atom .
The periodic table groups atoms according to how many protons it has .
Protons are made of quarks .
This adds to a positive charge .
The mass is about 1 Atomic mass unit .
A proton is the one of the building blocks of an atom .
The periodic table of the chemical elements categorizes atoms from the number of protons that each has .
The periodic table groups atoms according to how many protons they have .
A proton is believed to be made up of 3 quarks .
The periodic table groups atoms according to how many protons it has .
A proton is believed to have 3 quarks that make it up .
They contained in the nucleus of an atom along with neutrons .
They are contained in the nucleus of an atom along with neutrons .
They contained in the nucleus of an atom along with neutrons .
There are some famous actors in the movie .
One famous actor is Tom Hanks .
There are many rivers and streams and lakes and a canal .
There are no houses on the fields beside the rivers .
Nobody can build on these fields because sometimes they get flooded when it rains a lot .
There are lots of rivers and streams and lakes and a canal .
There are no houses on the fields next to the rivers .
Nobody can build on these fields because sometimes they get flooded if it rains a lot .
A nose is a body part on the front of the face which allows you to smell things .
A nose is the thing on the front of the face which allows you to smell things .
As a result it is something that is hard to define .
This usually happens in a young age especially with teenagers .
As a result it is something that is difficult to define .
Love is a very strong feeling of affection .
It is debated whether animals can experience love .
Love is created by chemical reactions in the brain .
Eating chocolate releases the same chemicals in the brain giving one the feeling of love .
As a result it is something that is hard to define .
A common belief is that there is a difference between being in love and loving someone .
Respect must be present in order for love to germinate and grow .
Everyone thinks of love in many different ways .
This usually happens in a young age especially with teenagers .
Love is based on respect and admiration .
Respect must be present in order for love to grow .
One can not love someone or something one disrespects or hates .
Respect must be present in order for love to germinate and grow .
Everyone thinks of love in many different ways .
This usually happens in a young age especially with teenagers .
Being in love is great .
It has the same sensation as flying .
You can do anything for the person you love .
Some lovers might commit suicide if their partner passes away .
Love is unconditional .
Real true love is anyway !
You feel as if even when the person is right or wrong you still love them and need them .
You never want them out of your sight and you love to be around them .
There is compassion present in the relationship .
Things are done for each other because the individual person wants to do it .
But unfortunately many people play at love in order to get something out of someone .
This is not love .
It is a feeling that is found deep within a person 's self .
At times one may have to look for it within themselves as it may not be easy to find .
He was married to the daughter of Elvis Presley .
He is also called The King Of Pop .
He is also known as The King Of Pop .
He was 50 years old .
He was first famous as the lead singer of The Jackson 5 .
He was famous first as the lead singer of The Jackson 5 .
Typically it contains nudity and detailed descriptions of sexual acts .
It usually features nudity and detailed descriptions of sexual acts .
Usually it has nudity and detailed descriptions of sexual acts in it .
Typically it contains nudity and detailed descriptions of sexual acts .
Allah Ackbar !
Usually it has nudity and detailed descriptions of sexual acts in it .
The word pornography comes from the Greek words meaning prostitue and writing .
The word was first used for stories that were written about sex .
Pornography is often thought to be harmful as it is linked to sexual abuse .
Some people believe that anything that shows sex or a naked body is a type of pornography .
Most psychologists disagree .
Nakedness is not pornography .
Showing nakedness in a picture or movie is not pornography .
Erotica is not pornography .
There is often a clear difference between erotica and pornography .
Pornography is intended to make people think about sex .
The words sexually explicit are also used .
The word pornography comes from the Greek words meaning whore and writing .
A picture of a partly or completely naked person need not be pornography .
Pornography is thought by some people to be harmful as it can be linked to sexual abuse .
Pornography is thought by some people to be harmful as it is linked to sexual abuse .
Many parents do not wish their children to see pornography .
It also depends on the judgement of the person who is looking at the picture .
Harmful pornography is called obscenity .
Most countries have laws against these types of pornography .
One type of pornography that is against the law in most countries is child pornography .
Some people have moral or religious views which are against the making and use of pornography .
Pornography is made to entertain adults .
Pornography is available in many different forms .
The word pornography comes from the Greek words meaning prostitute and writing .
A prostitute is a person who has sex for money .
The word was first used for stories that were written about sex .
It is also called porn or porno for short .
There are different ideas about what is and what is not pornography .
Some people believe that anything that shows a naked body is a type of pornography .
The laws of the United States and many other countries do not support this .
There are different kinds of pornography .
Pornographic pictures or movies which show people having sex are sometimes called hard porn .
Most pornography is intended for men .
Some scientists think that men are more likely to be sexually turned on by pictures than women are .
Some pornography shows sexual acts which are violent .
Some pornography show sexual acts which most women would not wish to do .
This type of pornography is called hardcore porn .
Another type of pornography is child pornography .
In most countries there is a legal age under which people are considered children by the law .
Any film or photo that shows children being used for a sexual act is considered pornography .
There are laws to protect children against people who exploit them in this way .
A number of companies began producing hardcore pornographic sex videotapes in the US and distributing the tapes to home viewers .
There are many different kinds of businesses that make and sell pornography .
Businesses that make pornography call themselves adult entertainment businesses .
In some countries it is a crime to sell or show pornography to children .
This is called child porn .
Very often this age is 18 years .
The Netherlands have very liberal laws regarding pornography .
Women 's groups and feminist writers have argued that hardcore pornography shows women in degrading or humiliating positions .
Pornography is often criticised by religious people and churches who believe that it is ungodly .
Many parents do not wish their children to see pornography .
Many countries have laws against child pornography .
They are sometimes also forced to make pornography .
It also depends on the judgment of the person who is looking at the picture .
Pornography can be shown in different ways .
It also depends on the judgement of the person who is looking at the picture .
Pornography is available in many different forms .
There is not often a clear difference between erotica and pornography .
The dispute over what is or is not pornography can even go to the courts .
National Coalition against Censorship There can be all sorts of reasons for showing a naked or partly undressed body .
Some of these reasons include art work or a medical diagram .
A prostitute is a person who has sex for money .
Businesses have been making pornography for many years .
Pornography films also become popular at this time .
A number of companies began making pornographic videotapes in the United States .
There are magazines such as Playboy and Hustler .
Movie companies such as Vivd Video hire pornography actors and produce videos .
There are also thousands of Web sites that make and sell porn .
Businesses that make pornography call themselves adult entertainment businesses .
A number of companies began producing hardcore pornographic sex videotapes in the US and distributing the tapes to home viewers .
Businesses that make pornography call themselves adult entertainment businesses .
In some countries it is a crime to sell or show pornography to children .
Harmful pornography is called obscene .
Some people have moral or religious views which are against the making and use of pornography .
It is legal as long as all of the people in the pornography are older than a certain age .
It must also be sold to people above a certain age .
Often this age is 18 years .
The Netherlands have very liberal laws about pornography .
Harmful pornography is called obscenity .
Some people have moral or religious views which are against the making and use of pornography of every kind .
Very often this age is 18 years .
The Netherlands have very liberal laws regarding pornography .
When being naked you can see flesh and all your limbs except of course your head .
You will also be able to see your own hair .
If you are blind then you can not see that you are naked but you might feel it .
Many countries have made laws thaat should protect children from seeing sex scenes by accident .
This is called watershed .
The picture woman bathing above gives an example of this kind of nudity .
This is often done by placing an object somewhere .
This kind of nudity can also be seen in the picture woman bathing above .
The word nudity can be used to describe how a person feels .
Nudity can also talk about how a person feels .
A kingdom is a country with a king or queen .
The type of government is a Monarchy .
He published 95 theses on the way the Catholic Church was then .
He published 95 theses on the current state of the Catholic Church .
With the theses he founded the Protestant Reformation .
Algiers is the capital city of Algeria in northern Africa .
A pound is the type of money people use in Great Britain .
Its value is the same as the value of 100 British pence .
During World War two this was oftentimes used as a military strategy to thwart enemy radars .
A pound sterling is the type of money people use in Great Britain .
It is divided into 100 pence .
A pound is the type of money people use in Great Britain .
Its value is the same as the value of 100 British pence .
Huddersfield is a town in northern England .
These dogs were trained by the Soviet Union during World War II to be used against German armored vehicles .
Very few dogs remained in the Eastern Front as a result of this .
The dogs were trained by Russians during World War II to be used against Nazi tanks .
Very few dogs remained in the Eastern Front as a result of that .
These dogs were trained to run under enemy tanks .
The explosives were then remotely detonated in order to destroy the target tank .
After the war better weapons against tanks were made .
Luckily they both agree that making a language that everybody can learn is a good idea .
Most Idists and Esperantists can understand most of each other 's language .
Here is a sample of the language Ido .
Bona nokto !
Bona nokto !
Adsur qua planeto me falis ?
La princeto sideskis sur stono e levis lua okuli a la cielo .
Por quo vu venis adhike ?
E la du permanis silence .
Ube esas la personi ?
La princeto regardis la serpento longatempe .
Vu esas stranja animalo !
La princeto ridetis .
Ta quan me tushas retroiras a la tero deube lu venis .
La princeto nulon respondis .
Me povas helpar vu se vu sentas nostalgio a vua planeto .
E la du permanis silence .
Each word in Ido comes from a smaller word called a root word .
A root word has a root and an ending .
You can take the root and put it on another word to make a new one .
Sometimes paragraphs have only one or two long sentences .
This makes telling when one paragraph ends and another begins easier .
This first sentence of the paragraph gives the reader an idea about the general content contained in the paragraph .
A new paragraph begins when the writer begins to either talk or write about a different topic or idea .
This makes it easier to tell where one paragraph ends and another begins .
A paragraph should have the main idea and the first sentence of the paragraph as the key sentence .
It gives an idea to the readers about the paragraph .
The following sentences will form the body of the paragraph and they may give some additional points to explain the key sentence .
People start a new paragraph when they begin to either talk or write about a different topic or idea .
Sometimes paragraphs have only have 15 or 30 long sentences .
Sometimes paragraphs have only one or two long sentences .
Paragraphs are often made up of many sentences .
They are usually between four long sentences or 10 shorter ones .
It ends the paragraph .
An atheist is a person who is not a theist .
An atheist is a person who lacks a positive belief in a god or gods .
An atheist is a person who is not a theist .
Owls are carnivores .
They also hunt in open places like fields .
One ear is higher than the other .
That difference helps the owl find its prey .
The position of the two ears helps the owl find its prey .
One is higher than the other .
The animals they hunt are called prey .
Then the pellet comes back out through the owl 's mouth .
Then the owl silently swoops down on its prey .
They are carnivores which means they eat meat .
Owls are predators which means they hunt for their food .
The animals that are hunted for food are called prey .
Owls have very sharp eyes .
They see especially well in low light .
But they swallow most prey whole .
Then the pellet comes back out of the owl 's the mouth .
This is a barred Eagle Owl from Indonesia .
It contained the bones and fur of small animals .
Largest swords are used with two hands .
Australians Schapelle Corby and a group known as the Bali Nine are serving long terms in Kerobokan Prison and several of the Nine have been sentenced to death .
Australians Schapelle Corby and a group known as the Bali Nine are serving long terms in Kerobokan Prison and several of the Nine have been sentenced to Death .
It belongs to a family of animals called the Felidae .
Pink Floyd is a band that has been performing for over 30 years .
Pink Floyd is a band that performed for over 30 years .
Syd Barrett started the group .
They played a kind of rock music called progressive rock .
It was a style they created after the psychedelic start of the band under Barrett 's leadership .
They used a lot of things to make their concerts interesting to watch .
They would show videos on the screen when they played .
They have been voted the Best Rock Band Ever many times .
Syd Barrett started the group .
They played a form of rock music referred to as progressive rock .
It was a style they created after the psychedelic start of the band under Barrett 's guidance .
They would show videos on the screen during some of their songs .
They have been voted the Best Rock Band Ever on many occasions .
They were named by Syd Barrett after the blues artists Pink Anderson and Floyd Council .
David Gilmour joined the band in 1968 .
Roger Waters quit the band in 1985 .
The original members of Pink Floyd met in an architectural college .
The band started as a blues band .
They also had big balloon puppets .
The pig has become a symbol of Pink Floyd .
Another symbol that reminds people of Pink Floyd is a prism with light shining through it .
That album is important to the history of the group .
It talks about the distance they put between them and their fans .
It was the last album they all worked on together before starting to split up .
Syd Barrett died of cancer in 2006 .
Syd Barrett started the group .
David Gilmour went into the band in 1968 .
They played a kind of rock music called progressive rock .
It was a style they created after the psychedelic start of the band under Barrett 's leadership .
They also have big balloon puppets .
The pig has become something that reminds people of Pink Floyd .
Another picture that reminds people of Pink Floyd is a prism with light shining through it .
It was made in 1994 .
Pink Floyd broke up in 1995 .
There are 250 days until the end of the year .
United States part in the war comes to an end .
United States involvement in the war comes to an end .
Over the next three days 54 people are killed and hundreds of buildings are destroyed .
It is later renamed to the more poetic Purple Heart .
Volunteers throughout the country signed up to go to war .
The war was won by the United States and they soon began to occupy and take control of these colonies after Spain surrendered .
This war was fought because the United States intervened with foreign political issues in Spain 's Colonies .
The war was won by the United States and they soon began to occupy these colonies after Spain surrendered .
They took control of the land and the government made it their own .
There were 379 american casualties .
Spain was losing control of Cuba and had been putting Cubans into concentration camps .
The United States sent ships to Cuba to try and force Spain to give up Cuba .
A major attack occurred in the Philippines .
An American fleet commanded by George Dewey destroyed the Spanish fleet .
Ground battles took place in Cuba and Puerto Rico .
Prions are a form of virus that are basically abnormal clumps of proteins .
The object is to clear a minefield of mines .
The object is to clear a minefield from mines .
Series 1 ended in January 2006 and Series 2 began one day later .
This section refers to the current UK format of Deal or No Deal .
For the general format of Deal or No Deal see the main Deal or No Deal article .
All the boxes are sealed by an independent adjudicator .
Bank offers are made after the fifth box is opened and every third box thereafter .
The second series will contain 230 episodes .
This gives a clearer picture to the TV audience on whether the contestant has made a good deal .
They are still colored in the way they were since show 101 .
The contestants from the show gave him a birthday cake at the end of the show and also sang Happy Birthday to him .
Noel referred to this special week as Love Week .
Richard Oldman can be deciphered as Rich Hard Old Man .
Deal or No Deal is filmed in Bristol .
The amount of time between the recording date and the broadcast date has varied .
Many of the games broadcast during January 2006 had been recorded less than two weeks previously .
Any person spotting the sequences could determine the contents of every remaining box after a small number of boxes were opened .
The sequences were due to the random number generator used by the independent adjudicators to load the boxes .
This random number generator assigned the same patterns to boxes in various games during January and February 2006 .
The program has increasingly included its audience of around 150 people in the fabric of the show .
Afternoon audiences watch one show and evening audiences watch two but are shuffled around and reseated .
It has consistently been the most watched program in its slot for all UK channels for both daytime and primetime .
This deal will run from January 2006 to December 2007 .
The UK version also won the Rose d'Or award for Best Game Show at the 2006 Lucerne Television Festival .
Noel Edmonds was also nominated in the Best Entertainment Performance category at the 2006 BAFTA Television Awards .
The payout was all the more remarkable given the weak board Gaz was faced with throughout his game .
This game was also notable for the other contestants paying tribute to Morris ' famous rhymes as they opened their boxes .
The revelation that he played the game following 32 hours without sleep was the subject of considerable debate .
She took out the biggest four amounts within the first three rounds .
This is the first time a swap has been offered at the beginning of the game in the UK show 's history .
No contestant has yet accepted one of the first two offers from the Banker .
So there was no new player that day .
Eventually it was agreed that the remaining amounts would be shuffled to ensure fair play and the game was allowed to continue .
The banker normally only offers a box swap to the contestant once they have said no deal to the sixth and final offer .
The Banker is always right !
The first time was during the end of the aforementioned Nick Bain 's 1p show .
This was because it was her 50th show .
The mini box also contained her name where the amount usually goes and a poem saying how The Banker wished that she win a penny .
He also revealed that the position of Mrs Banker is currently vacant !
However this prediction was proven wrong as Ron took out three blues in the next three boxes .
She declined the swap .
During the second offer the Banker asked to speak to Bianca 's mother who was in the audience .
As well as the obvious Deal or No Deal ?
He has met with varying success and these terms have come and gone .
A selection of Noel 's catchphrases and quotes are below .
Welcome to our unique entertainment drama .
Welcome to the Dream Factory !
Welcome to Planet Tension !
Take the Walk of Wealth !
Please come and join me at the Pound Table .
Whose turn is it for a session in the Scare Chair ?
It 's your show .
Channel 4 is all yours .
Open the box !
Welcome to the game !
Let 's go on a Blues Cruise .
When this happens Noel tends to write ' 1 2 3 ' on the contestant 's hand .
That 's all right !
These low reds have also been referred to as honorary blues as in the majority of situations revealing them is almost as good as hitting a blue .
Why not ?
Let 's have a quickie .
We know what we do n't want to see !
You 're still obsessed with the reds !
You are besotted with that right hand side !
You 're getting the Red Mist .
You 've got a red fetish .
We do n't want to see one of the big numbers !
That 's the safety net gone !
It 's all or peanuts .
We are now in damage limitation territory .
The right deal at the right time !
Do n't get caught in the headlights .
Do n't be seduced by the board !
You 've still got a life changing sum of money .
It 's what 's right for you .
This is an extraordinary game .
The 1p Club is Noel 's name for the group of the four winners of the lowest possible prize .
You 're not joining the 1p Club !
Four men in a phone box .
What 's the weight ?
About three minutes while we go to a break .
Noel has taken to grabbing boxes before the contestant can open them and shout After the break !
I think you 'll be back .
The contestants also normally say ask me the question when they have decided whether or not they are going to deal .
The premise of the show has been criticised by some for having no intellectual content whatsoever and some have questioned if it is good that a show in which people simply randomly open 22 boxes to reveal numbers is so popular .
Some of the interaction between the contestant in the chair and the contestants in the wings and the contestant in the chair and Noel Edmonds has also been mocked by some .
This has recently been satired by the BBC 's comedy Dead Ringers .
To remove this element from the game and use a formula to determine the amount of money would lend weight to the criticism that the player can exert little influence over the game .
All text is available under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License .
Minesweeper is a strategy game that comes with Microsoft Windows .
The object is to clear a minefield of mines .
Fishing for fun is normally done with a fishing rod and line with any number of things to get the fish .
There may be rules that say how many lines and hooks one fisherman can use and how many fish he can catch .
There are rules that say people can only have a certain number of lines and hooks that one fisherman can use and the number of fish that people are allowed to get .
Do this quietly and carefully because fish can feel movement around them and actually see out of the water and notice forms of people trying to catch them .
This method is a great way to catch fish but also depends on the water temperature and how much light there is .
The common Flat Worm is bait everyone uses for fresh water angling .
They can act to a little bit of light so if they feel heat from a flashlight the will sink into the earth .
Live bait is made of living things that make their way into where the fish live and are then eaten by them .
Frogs are a good bait for pickerel .
We have before said that salmon roe was good bait for trout .
The roe of large trout or salmon trout gets just as much work done .
These are tempting baits for many other fresh water fish besides the trout .
The next day salt it with two ounces of salt and a quarter of an ounce of saltpeter to the pound of roe .
Let it stand another day and then spread it to dry .
The most important islands are Vanua Levu and Viti Levu .
There are about 844 330 people in Fiji .
Most important islands are Vanua Levu and Viti Levu .
There are about 844 330 inhabitants in Fiji .
The capital city of Fiji is Suva .
The Fountain of Youth is a legendary spring whose waters were said to have the to and health .
The Fountain of Youth is a spring whose waters were said to have the to and health .
Apricot is a drupe fruit .
Apricot is drupe fruit .
The Poles in Poland beign to fight against the Germans so that they can become free .
They became safer and stronger in Kabul after they did that .
Torah is the Hebrew name for the first five books of the Hebrew Bible .
Each of the books in the Torah are seperated into sections called Parshiot .
A parsha is a hebrew word meaning portion .
Torah is a Hebrew name for the first five books of the Hebrew Bible .
A very well known rainforest is the Amazon rainforest .
A very well known rainforest is the Amazon .
A very well known rainforest is the Amazon Rainforest .
A very well known rainforest is the Amazon Rainforest in Brazil .
Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone was translated into a Welsh version .
The Welsh Alphabet has some extra letters that are n't used in English .
Addiction is being used to a certain practice .
Addiction involves being habituated to a certain practice .
But people who drink more coffee every day can drink more without getting sick .
Some people think that soft drinks which are light in color do not contain caffeine .
This is not always true .
He was the president of the United States of America between 1913 and 1921 .
He was a Presbyterian and his family sided with the Confederacy in 1851 .
He thought the war could bring an end to war forever .
He later became the 28th president of the United States of America between 1913 and 1921 .
He grew up as a Presbyterian and his family sided with the Confederacy in 1851 .
He was elected to be the Governor of New Jersey for the Democratic Party in 1911 .
Some amber and yellow colors of lower saturation are called light browns .
The color brown is displayed on the right .
The first recorded use of brown as a color name in English was in AD 1000 .
The Brown Dog affair was a political controversy about vivisection that raged in Edwardian England from 1903 until 1910 .
Ubuntu is well known for its default brown color scheme .
The term brown or bronze may be used by mestizo or Amerindian Hispanics to describe themselves .
Austronesians in the 19th century and 20th century were often referred to as the Malayan race or brown race .
Chocolate is often associated with the color brown .
Brownies are a favorite dessert .
Boston brown bread is a popular bread made with molasses that is often sold in cans .
Little Brown Jug is a drinking song written in 1869 by Joseph Winner .
Golden Brown is a popular song about Heroin by The Stranglers .
Many soils are brown .
Many kinds of wood and the bark of many trees are brown .
Feces are usually brown .
A large number of mammals and predatory birds have a brown coloration .
The color brown was used to represent the Nazi vote on maps of electoral districts in Germany .
The Nazi seizure of power in 1933 was called the Brown Revolution .
He had a matching brown silk robe .
He appears in all of the franchise 's installments except for ' .
George Lucas has intentionally kept the name of Yoda 's race a secret .
It is speculated from the Expanded Universe that he achieved the status of Jedi Knight at the age of 50 and the rank of Jedi Master at 100 .
Yoda believes that the boy is clearly affected by his years as a slave and that he still clings too tightly to the memory of his mother to be trained safely .
One possible explanation for this retraction is that Yoda trusts Kenobi more than his notoriously unorthodox teacher .
He leads the group which rescues the surrounded Jedi in the execution arena .
Yoda is even able to use Battle Meditation to win battles by lifting the morale of thousands of companions while simultaneously dampering the spirits of thousands of his opponents .
He can purge Dark Side manifestations through the use of Force Light and feel the deaths of individual people and identify them .
In linguistic typology this is the Object Subject Verb format .
This speech pattern has been the source of much parody .
Some have suggested that this is due to the strong empathy he feels with all living beings through the Force .
Yoda is voiced by Frank Oz .
Yoda is an alien from the movie Star Wars .
Yoda is a Jedi .
He has many powers and has been alive for 900 years .
He is green .
Yoda changes the order of words .
This is confusing .
He is also very good at using a Lightsaber .
Frank Oz voices Yoda .
He is played by actor Frank Oz .
Yoda is an character from the Star Wars universe .
Yoda is a character from the Star Wars universe .
Yoda is a character from the Star Wars universe .
Yoda is an character from the Star Wars universe .
This color is usually used by an inkjet printer .
This color usually used by an inkjet printer .
Sometimes confused with pink or purple .
One might use this color to express love .
It is is the largest of the seven and was also the largest of the former Trucial States .
HH Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan is the Ruler of Abu Dhabi and has been President since 1971 .
All the embassies are based here .
The emirate is also the home of Zayed University and the Higher Colleges of Technology .
The City of Al Ain is situated in the Eastern Region of Abu Dhabi .
It is blessed with substantial groundwater resources which feed into numerous artesian wells and is now one of the greenest areas in Arabia .
Internal transport is facilitated by a superb road network and Al Ain is connected to the outside world through Al Ain International Airport .
Home of the former ruling family it is the oldest building in Abu Dhabi .
The Palace is also home to the Cultural Foundation where many interesting exhibits of traditional artefacts and photographs are displayed .
The courtyard and tile work over the main gate are particularly beautiful .
The place makes a refreshing change with freshwater pools and date plantations .
The zoo is also well know for its display of Arabia 's indigenous wildlife which includes the spectacular Arabian oryx .
In the beginning they had their first hits with covers versions of songs of those artists .
Their fame rose quickly in 1965 with the the song The Last Time .
In the 1967 they experimented with a psychedelic music style .
But in 1968 they went back to a harder rock style with songs like Sympathy for the Devil and Jumpin ' Jack Flash and Honky Tonk Women .
A few weeks later Jones was found dead in his swimming pool .
A highly respected young blues guitarist named Mick Taylor was named as his replacement .
Taylor left the band in 1974 .
Ronnie Wood was hired as Taylor 's replacement and he has been with the band ever since .
Long time bassist Bill Wyman retired from the band in 1992 .
The band remained active as a consistently successful recording and touring act throughout the 1980s and 1990s and into the 2000s .
In 1989 The Rolling Stones were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
And in 2004 they were ranked number 4 in Rolling Stone Magazine 's list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time .
They become the prime rivals of the Beatles .
A guitarist named Mick Taylor was his replacement .
It is considered as one of the most influential and greatest rock bands ever to form .
Black Sabbath is responsible for the formation of heavy metal with their creative music .
Iommi 's strong guitar playing and Ozzy Osbourne 's powerful way of sing made them not like other bands .
Black Sabbath was very popular because they had a style unlike any other bands of their time .
They had problems when their singer was forced out of the band because he was drunk too much .
It is considered as most influential and greatest rock band ever to form .
Black Sabbath is responsible for the formation of heavy metal with there creative music .
Iommi 's heavy guitar riffs and Ozzy Osbourne 's physcotic lyric made them diverse .
Black Sabbath 's dark culture made them more attractive to there fans .
They were the leaders of rock during 70s and late 60s but in 1980 with departure of founding member Ozzy Osboure who was the vocalist of band due to swear alcoholism problem the band started to face management problems .
Ronnie James Dio replaced Ozzy Osbourne .
In 90 's theymade reunion and came to original line up and they are still active .
Black Sabbath is now known as most influential rock band and fathers of heavy metal with great music and live performances .
He began tuning his guitar lower to slacken his strings to make playing easier on his wounded fingers .
Their most successful single titled Paranoid came off the 1970 album of the same name .
He began tuning his guitar to drop D tuning to slacken his strings to make playing easier on his wounded fingers .
Their first and most successful single titled Paranoid came off the 1970 album of the same name .
Ozzy Osbourne left the band in 1979 because of his drug and alcohol addiction .
In 1991 Ronnie James Dio rejoined the band again for one album and tour .
Ozzy Osbourne was fired from the band in 1979 because of his drug and alcohol addiction .
In 1991 Ronnie James James Dio rejoined the band again for one album and tour .
Suicide is sometimes used as a form of killing other people .
Suicide is sometime used as a form of killing other people .
Suicide is when a person chooses to kill him or her self .
Suicide is when a person chooses to kill his or her self .
Cotton can spread 100 seeds .
It was made by Microsoft .
It was developed by Microsoft .
Hewlett Packard or HP are a computer technology company founded in 1939 by Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard .
He is now thinking about what to do next .
He has a movie called 8 Mile that tells the story of his life .
He has a movie called 8 Mile which tells the story about himself .
A bratwurst is a kind of food .
It is a type of sausage .
The original German Bratwurst comes from Thuringia .
The sausage is usually eaten with a hot or sweet German mustard or sliced and eaten as Currywurst .
Bratwurst is almost always served with a hard German roll and usually accompanied by a beer .
The bratwurst is a food .
Eurovision Song Contest is a singing contest held in Europe which started in 1956 .
Different singers representing countries in Europe compete every year .
Eurovision Song Contest is a singing contest held in Europe started in 1956 .
Different singers from representing a country in Europe compete every year .
But gay community could mean either men who prefer men as partners or the whole LGBT community .
Sometimes the LGBT community is also called the gay community .
But gay community could mean either men who prefer men as partners or the whole LGBT community .
Sometimes the GLBT community is also called the gay community .
But gay community could mean either men who prefer men as partners or the whole GLBT community .
Shaun Tucker .
The word used to describe homosexual women is lesbian .
Gay can therefore refer to a person who is sexually interested in people of the same sex .
In this case it is also people who suffer the same kinds of discrimination .
Sometimes the LGBT community is also called the gay community .
But gay community could mean either men who prefer men as partners or the whole LGBT community .
The word homosexual means someone who is attracted to people of the same gender .
But the focus of the word homosexual is on sex .
People in the LGBT community usually use the term gay .
Homophobic literally means people who are afraid of homosexuals .
Some homophobic people may fear LGBT people .
But usually they hate instead of fear .
Homosexual also comes from a time when people thought gay people had a mental illness .
People who prefer partners of the opposite sex usually call themselves straight instead of saying they are heterosexual .
Some people who are homophobic are also very religious people .
The word gay has been used to refer to homosexuals since the 1800s .
Originally it was more understood by gays themselves than by straights .
So it could be a way of talking about being gay without saying you were homosexual .
Most people in the gay community use gay in a positive way .
Sometimes people also use this to mean something is very colorful or gaudy .
Sometimes even gays themselves use the word this way .
The word homosexual came from the Latin words meaning same sex .
This meaning is more common now .
The word gay refers to a person who is sexually interested in people of the same sex .
The word used to describe homosexual women is lesbian .
Gay can therefore refer to a person who is sexually interested in people of the same sex .
In Europa it is the city with most Japanese companies and people .
In time of the Roman Empire a few Germanic tribes settled on the eastern banks of the Rhine River .
The Earls of Berg moved their seat to the town in 1280 .
Almost all of these papers are available online on the Internet .
On 14th of August 1288 there was a great battle between the Archebishop of Cologne and the Duke of Limburg against the Duke of Brabant and the Count of Berg .
The Duke of Brabant won and the Archebishop of Cologne became prisoner of the Count of Berg .
Most important duke of this line was Johann Wilhelm II .
This general became later King of Westfalia .
In Europa it is the city with most Japanese companies and people .
He tried to take a career as a coach but failed miserably .
He seemed unable to keep 1 team for more than 4 months .
In 2001 was voted player of the centuary but he couold nt keep the titlle so gave pele the award of best player for half a centuary in his carrer .
He scored 356 goals .
Diego Armando Maradona was an Argentine football player .
He is blind nearly since his birth .
A black guy that plays the piano .
Kivilaan replaced another girl named Maarja Kivi in the year 2003 .
The band has had some popular songs in Europe and was in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 .
Kivilaan replaced another girl called Maarja Kivi in the year 2003 .
The band have had some popular songs in Europe and were in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 .
It is the first railway in continental Europe .
The State of Ohio and the Michigan Territory fight the Toledo War over the city of Toledo and the Toledo Strip .
It is the first railway in continental Europe .
The Toledo War was fought between the State of Ohio and the Michigan Territory over the city of Toledo and the Toledo Strip .
From this time he controlled Ethiopia .
In 1936 he ran from Ethiopia after the invasion by Italy .
From this time he effectively ruled Ethiopia .
In 1936 he fled Ethiopia after the invasion by Italy .
He gave a speech at the League of Nations but they failed to act .
Ethiopia is a country in the Horn of Africa .
It has one of the most well known histories as a country in Africa and the world .
Ethiopia is a country in Africaand is placed in the Horn of Africa .
It has one of the most largest known histories as a country in Africa and the world .
A box of crayons is a cardboard container containing crayons .
Recent archaeological research has found Christian graves from before 1000 .
In 1925 the name of the city was changed back to Oslo .
Recent archaeological research has uncovered Christian graves from before 1000 .
In 1925 the name of the city was restored to Oslo .
This made it popular in the United States during the 1990s .
Together Calvin and Hobbes run into all sorts of trouble and adventures .
Together Calvin and Hobbes run into all sorts of trouble and adventure .
These calls are often cut short by Calvin .
These calls are often interrupted by Calvin .
This kind of teaches Calvin a lesson and it makes the comic seem better .
Watterson decided that it was not important to explain how Calvin and Hobbes had first met .
A lesbian is a homosexual woman .
Sappho wrote mostly poems about love .
Many of her love poems are written to women .
So her name and the island where she lived make people think about women who love women .
Sometimes lesbians are also called to as Sapphists from the name Sappho .
Feminism is the political and social movements that promote women 's equality and rights .
They wanted feminism to be accepted by society .
They believed lesbians were less accepted by society and might hurt the feminist movement .
Many lesbian couples want to have children .
However some places do not allow homosexual couples to adopt children .
Some lesbian couples also have their own biological children .
This is when sperm from a donor male is placed in a woman to make a pregnancy .
Some lesbian women do this at home with a friend they choose to be the donor .
However many may use sperm banks .
These are medical businesses that match couples who need donor sperm with men who will donate .
Sometimes this is done anonymously which means the couple does not know the donor .
Sometimes this is done with the donor known and even chosen by the couple .
Some religions that condemn gay male sex say nothing about lesbian sex .
This means they do not have the legal benefits and protection of marriage .
The Maine economy relies heavily on fishing in some areas .
The Maine economy relies heavely on fishing in some areas .
Lobster trapping is a traditionally part of the economy .
Lobster trapping is a traditional part of the economy .
Lobster trapping is a traditionally part of the economy .
Southern Maine is the part of the state that has the most people .
Southern Maine is also the most populous region of the state .
Raffarin failed to gain the support of the French people for the European Constitution .
Dominique de Villepin said that his government 's most important task would be job creation .
He knew that the French people were concerned about the condition of the French economy .
Firefox was aiming to set the record for most software downloads in 24 hours .
Firefox is aiming to set the record for most software downloads in 24 hours .
The Roman Catholic Church is wrong .
Right now the pope is Benedict XVI .
The PS2 is very successful and games are still made for it .
The PS2 is very successful and games are still made .
It has sold around 140 million units since its launch in October 2000 .
The PlayStation 2 is fully compatible with PlayStation games .
A Xbox is video game console that is powerful .
The player of the game tells the machine what to do by using a controller .
This video game console is now outdated with the release of the Xbox 360 .
A Xbox is video game machine which is powerful .
The Oder River goes through the city .
Wroc aw is over 1000 years old .
There are 10 universities in the city .
The longest river is Oder River .
It has been called by its Polish name Wroc aw ever since .
Many of them were rebuilt .
It been called by its Polish name Wroc aw ever since .
In 1997 the Oder River flooded causing a lot of damage .
Many of them were rebuiled .
One of the most intresting building in Wroc aw is Catedral .
They have been living for billions of years .
It was rated mature for its violence .
The news often has international stories .
The news often haves international stories .
It has been running since 1985 and there have been over 3200 episodes .
It has been running since 1985 and there has been over 3200 episodes .
Fuck Wikipedia and all of its stupid fucking staff members .
Conflict between members of one family or between different families is often central to the storyline .
She had acknowledging her parents ' marriage as invalid and herself an illegitimate daughter .
The rest of Mary 's life with Henry VIII gave her a quick succession of stepmothers .
After Anne Boleyn had Elizabeth Mary had to become one of Elizabeth 's servants .
She had signed the documents acknowledging her parents ' marriage as invalid and herself an illegitimate daughter of Catherine and Henry .
The rest of Mary 's life with Henry VIII living saw through a quick succession of stepmothers .
Henry 's had decided that the young prince was to succeed him .
Edward succeeded to the throne as King of England and Ireland .
Edward began to show signs of a coughing disease .
His will had declared that the young prince was to succeed him .
Edward succeeded to the throne as King Edward VI of England and I of Ireland .
Elizabeth was imprisoned many times under the suspicion of the new Queen .
He died when he was only 15 years old .
His successor was his cousin Lady Jane Grey .
His succesor was Lady Jane Grey .
He became king at the age of 10 .
She appeared in many movies and is the voice of Luann on the American television show King of the Hill .
She appeared in many movies and is the voice of Luann on King of the Hill .
The only country in South America that is smaller than Uruguay is Suriname .
The weather and temperatures in Colorado are quite different to most of the United States .
There is a change in climate in Colorado between the Rocky Mountains on the west and the plains on the east with the foothills .
The climate of Colorado is quite different to most of the United States .
A main climatic division in Colorado happens between the Rocky Mountains on the west and the plains on the east with the foothills making a transitional zone between the two .
Historically parts of northern Finland have also been parts of Norrland .
Historically have also parts of northern Finland been parts of Norrland .
A vacuum is a place in which there are no particles .
Outer space is often thought of as a vacuum but there are a very small number of particles in outer space .
Sound can not travel in a vacuum .
A vacuum is a word used in physics .
It describes an area in which there are no particles .
Outer space is often thought of as a perfect vacuum but it contains very small number of particles .
Sound energy can not travel in vacuum as there are little or no particles in there .
A vacuum is a place in which there is no matter .
Outer space is not a true vacuum because there are a very small number of particles in outer space .
A vacuum is a place in which there are no particles .
Outer space is often thought of as a vacuum but there are a very small number of particles in outer space .
Her father was the second son of the duke of Norfolk .
Catherine was taught music by Henry Manox when she was fifteen years old .
He possibly her .
She this .
Her father was the younger brother of the duke of Norfolk .
Catherine likely had intimate relationships with Henry Manox and Francis Dereham .
Catherine was taught music by Henry Manox when she was 15 years old .
Catherine then fell in love with a gentleman at her grandmother 's court .
They called each other husband and wife .
Anne of Cleves was the fourth wife of Henry VIII .
He soon fell in love with Catherine .
Henry VIII loved his young bride and gave her lots of rich presents .
She began falling in love with a man named Thomas Culpepper .
Henry was very upset .
He cried .
She asked to see the executioner 's block so she might know how to put her head on it .
She practiced laying her head on the block all night long before her death .
This is not true .
The executioner chopped her head off with one blow .
Catherine was taught music by Henry Manox when she was fifteen years old .
They liked one another and he may have her .
The king disliked Anne of Cleves for many reasons .
He probably believed that Catherine could give him a son because she was young and healthy .
Henry VIII adored his young bride and showered her with gifts .
He was accused of having raped a woman and killed her husband .
The story is not true .
The executioner chopped her head off .
Charles was Jeanne 's brother .
Louis was Charles 's cousin and next in line to the throne .
She was many years younger than him .
Louis lived for only three months after their marriage .
The Muppets are puppet characters created by Jim Henson .
The characters include Kermit the Frog and the cast of Sesame Street .
He is buried in the Saint Denis Basilica .
Next to King Charles IX of France .
Alexandria is a large city in Egypt .
It is the largest coastal city of Egypt .
It is also the second largest city of Egypt .
Alexandria is named after its founder .
Alexander the Great founded Alexandria in 331 BC .
This tense is used if you are telling a story .
Different verbs change in different mays to make the past tense .
The perfect tense is used alot when people talk .
It is used alot if you are talking about something that affects what is happening now .
Some verbs change the same way in the simple past tense and the past perfect tense .
Lots of irregular verbs do not do this though .
The past tense form of kill is killed .
It is used alot if you are talking about something that affects what is happening now .
Freeview is free television in a digital signal for the UK .
To get the service a special box must be bought or a sometimes Freeview is already available inside a television .
In December 2007 over 8 million people had Freeview in their homes .
In March 2006 over 6 million people had Freeview in their homes .
The Lord of the Rings has also been made into three films directed by Peter Jackson .
Tolkien wrote the story between 1937 and 1949 .
It was originally published as six books in the years 1954 and 1955 .
There are humans in the story but there are also a lot of other types of peoples .
His name was Dark Lord Sauron and he was a creature with supernatural powers .
He planned to control the wearers of the other Rings with this One Ring .
This plan failed when the Elves became aware of it and took off their rings .
Sauron then started a war .
This caused Sauron to lose the second battle against Elves and Men .
He is now giving it to his cousin Frodo Baggins .
The Lord of the Rings is a fantasy novel written by John Ronald Reuel Tolkien .
The story began as a sequel to Tolkien 's earlier fantasy book The Hobbit and soon developed into a much larger story .
I 've watched the film after I read the books two times .
In the middle of the whole story is the Ring of Power made by the Dark Lord Sauron .
This plan failed when the Elves became aware of him and took off their rings .
Sauron then started a war and in the battle an elve king capture Saurons ring so Sauron lose the second battle again .
The story took place in the Third Age and started in the Shire when Gandalf found the One Ring by Bilbo Baggins who gave it to his cousin Frodo Baggins .
The Lord of the Rings has been many times .
The Lord of the Rings has been adapted many times .
Jamaica is also know for its dances and it performers .
Jamaica is also know for their dances and their performers .
This color reminds most people of a girl because pink is the most popular favorite color to girls .
This color reminds most people of a girl because Pink is the most popular favorite color to girls .
Most people in UK will say That 's silly !
This article is about the chemical substance .
Bleach is a liquid that is used as a cleaner .
It also can cause things to turn white or pale .
Bleach can harm people 's skin if they do not use it carefully .
This reaction can kill people .
Certain types of bleaches produce toxic waste .
Some of them produce dioxins .
It is usually used to strip color from dyed polyester fabrics in order to re dye the fabric .
I also find it useful in a final dye stage to clear any excess dye from the polyester fabric .
A polygon is a closed shape that has more than one side .
A polygon is a shape that has more than one side .
It has a number of edges .
These edges are connected by lines .
The president of the country is Nursultan Nazarbayev .
The president of the country is called Nursultan Nazarbayev .
Barley is a type of plant .
Its seeds are a cereal grain .
Barley is a type of grain .
It also wiped out the Roman city of Pompeii .
There were many ways in which people died .
It laso wiped out the roman city of Pompeii .
The eruption lasted for what was thought as over 19 hours .
There were many ways in which people had died .
You will often find glossary when you read a book or report that contains difficult or specific words .
Websites about complicated subjects also have glossaries .
A glossary is also a vocabulary of specialized words including their definitions .
Also a vocabulary of esoteric or specialized terms including their definitions .
The terms may be abbreviations or more than one word .
Pauls name was originally Saul .
He grew up learning both the Jewish law and the Greek ways of discussing things .
Saul was blinded by the vision .
Saul was baptised as a Christian .
He spent the next three years studying the Jewish scriptures again to find explanations for the Christian tecahings .
His viewpoint completely changed by his experiences .
He changed his name to Paul and he dedicated his life to serving Jesus Christ .
The letters contain many important parts of Christian teaching .
His name was originally Saul .
He grew up learning both Jewish law and Greek methods of debate and discussion .
A castrated horse is a gelding .
A castrated horse is known as a gelding .
Eohippus was a short animal .
It was the size of a cat .
In Latin the name Eohippus means dawn horse .
Some scientists believe that Eohippus changed over millions of years into new animals .
One of the new animals was the horse .
Eohippus did not have hooves .
It had four toes on each front foot .
It had three toes on each back foot .
They are now called eohippus .
They were also very short .
Horsehide is a tough leather made from the skin of horses .
Horsehair is used to make a stiff fabric .
Horsehair can also be used as a stuffing for furniture .
Horsehair can be mixed with plaster to make it strong .
Horse bones can be used to make gelatin for food .
The bones can also be used to make glue .
Animal glue is still preferred by some wood workers .
Horses are used all over the world to carry people and pull carts .
They are used by police in big cities .
Police horses help police watch and protect people in crowds .
Riding a horse to a place is known as coming straight from the horse saying .
The Latin name for horse is Equus .
This is no longer used by the adhesives industry .
Horses were also used to transport families around before cars were invented .
The afterlife is what some people believe happens after death .
The afterlife is what people believe happens after death .
Prayer is done by those who trust the power of word and thought .
Many religions recognize the creation of the Universe by God from words .
Prayer is done by those who Believe to the power of word and thought .
Argolis is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Ilia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Achaea is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Arcadia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Laconia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Pella is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Attica is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Kardhitsa is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Kastoria is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Kozani is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Magnesia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Messinia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Chalcidice is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Euboea is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Grevena is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Arta is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Trikala is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Lesbos is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Samos is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Evros is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Evritania is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Cyclades is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Serres is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
The capital of Serres is also called Serres .
The capital of Serres is Serres .
Its capital city is also called Serres .
The capital of Serres is also called Serres .
Kilkis is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Chania is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
Xanthi is one of 51 prefectures of Greece .
He later quit acting and became a director .
His brother Clint Howard and daughter Bryce Dallas Howard are also actors .
It was founded and run by Hugh Hefner in 1953 .
The magazine is published once every month .
It has photographs of nude women .
The magazine has been known to express liberal opinions on most major political subjects .
It was founded and run by Hugh Hefner .
The Netherlands are famous for its canals and dikes .
It is famous for its canals and dikes .
Amsterdam is famous for its canals and dikes .
The Netherlands are famous for its canals and dikes .
Paraguay 's population is about 6 million .
Paraguay 's population is about 6 millon .
It can be used as a drug when people take it by smoking it or eating it .
Marijuana can make other things happen to the body and mind .
There are many ways cannabis is taken .
Carbon monoxide is a poison .
A marijuana cigarette puts more carbon monoxide into your lungs than a tobacco cigarette does .
Marijuana is the most commonly used illegal drug in the United States .
Cannabis that is used for making rope or paper has a very low amount of THC in it .
You can not get high from hemp rope or paper .
Most rope used to be made from hemp .
This movie was called Hemp For Victory .
It can be used as a drug when consumed by inhaling or eating it .
It can also be made into a paste .
Can also be used in butters and in anything cooked .
There are many ways cannabis is consumed .
Smoking anything is bad for the lungs .
A marijuana cigarette releases five times more carbon monoxide than a tobacco cigarette .
Marijuana was grown in plantations in the eastern United States from around 1775 to the mid 1860s .
Hashish is processed marijuana .
Marijuana is one of the least dangerous drugs that are commonly used .
It would require a user to smoke or ingest over three pounds in a time period of 15 minutes to be classified as potentially fatal .
Fewer deaths are reported from the use of marijuana then any other other intoxicant or drug in existence .
It can be used as a drug when people take it by smoking it or eating it .
Hashish oil is the strongest type of marijuana .
Hash is processed marijuana .
A marijuana cigarette puts more carbon monoxide into your lungs than a tobacco cigarette does .
Eating raw cannabis will get the user high .
Marijuana is the dried leaves of the cannabis plant .
Some people also eat marijuana or use it in cooking .
Some hashish users like the feeling of these visions and thoughts .
Others may find them scary .
Some people also eat marijuana by baking it into cake .
Other users of cannabis may find these strange visions and thoughts to be scary .
Marijuana hurts the lungs more than tobacco .
Cannabis smokers risk developing bronchitis and emphysema more than tobacco users .
They are used as food for humans and animals like chickens and horses .
Oats have many uses in food .
Oats may also be eaten raw .
Oats are also sometimes used in drinks .
Oatmeal stout is one of many brewed beers using some oats for the wort .
Oats are also occasionally used in several different drinks .
Oatmeal stout is one variety brewed using a percentage of oats for the wort .
It is the main ingredient for the Aveeno line of products .
It is the principal ingredient for the Aveeno line of products .
The minor protein of oat is a prolamine .
It is called avenin .
Kiribati used to be called the Gilbert Islands .
Kiribati was formerly known as the Gilbert Islands .
The political way of thinking of Communism states that the proletariat should have a revolution and take over the means of production .
The political way of thinking of Communism states that the proletariat should have a revolution and taking over the means of production .
It is a candidate for membership in the European Union and received NATO membership invitation on 3 April 2008 .
Yo yo yo ya simple simplions .
Croatia is a country in Europe .
Its capital city is Zagreb .
The Republic of Croatia is a small country between the Mediterranean Sea and Central Europe .
In 1918 it became a part of Yugoslavia which was taken over in World War II .
Croatia was independent and sided with Hitler in WWII .
Croatia is now independent for the second time .
Some people think that anal sex can be pleasant .
This is why a person should be careful when inserting something without damaging the walls of this organ .
A woman gets satisfaction because anus and vagina are located close to each other .
Many people dispute if anal sex can be considered an enjoyable activity .
This is why it takes efforts to insert something without damaging the walls of this organ .
A woman 's sexual satisfaction is connected with the fact that anus and vagina are located close to each other .
Anal sex is the most dangerous form of sexual intercourse .
Through anal sex sexually transmitted diseases can be spread unless a condom is used to cover the penis .
The abundance of bacteria can cause various health problems .
Harpsichords are earlier versions and lead to pianos .
Harpsichords are precursors to pianos .
Depression can be a state of the economy where it is shrinking instead of growing .
They started preforming in the 1950s and had a lot of famous songs in the 50s and 1960s .
They are considered very influencial in Rock and Roll .
They started preforming in the 1950s and had a string of hits in the 50s and 1960s .
They are considered very influencal in Rock and Roll .
Almost one out of every three people in Europe got the disease and died .
This disease is carried and spread by fleas on rats .
Traders from the Silk Road may have brought the infected fleas to Europe .
The Black Death had a drastic effect on Europe 's population .
It changed Europe 's social structure .
Albert Camus uses this theme too .
It was published in 1947 .
It came from Asia .
Rats on ships had fleas that carried the disease .
Traders from the Silk Road brought the infected fleas to Europe .
The same disease is thought to have returned to Europe every generation with different degrees of intensity and fatality until the 1700s .
The Black Death had a very big effect on Europe 's population .
The same disease is thought to have returned to Europe every generation with varying degrees of intensity and fatality until the 1700s .
The Black Death had a drastic effect on Europe 's population .
Marko III follows Yoannis V as patriarch of Alexandria .
Henry the Lion builds the first bronze statue north of the Alps .
Marko III succeeds Yoannis V as patriarch of Alexandria .
Henry the Lion erects first bronze statue north of the Alps .
Fungi breaks down the dead matter around it and changes it into food .
Some fungi have gills which contain spores that will be used to make new fungi .
Fungi decomposes the dead matter around it and converts it into food .
Some fungi have gills which contain spores which will be used to reproduce the fungi .
The air which enters though the penis and the vagina is very toxic .
Once people thought they were just plants .
Fungi breaks down the dead matter around it and changes it into food .
Some fungi have gills which contain spores that will be used to make new fungi .
A Fungus break down the dead matter around it and changes it into food .
Fungi breaks down the dead matter around it and changes it into food .
A fungus breaks down the dead matter around it and uses it as food .
Some fungi have gills which make spores that will be used to make new fungi .
Once people thought they were just plants .
A Fungus break down the dead matter around it and changes it into food .
Some fungi have gills which contain spores that will be used to make new fungi .
Bono married Alison Stewart and have four children .
Bono married Alison Stewart and went on to have four children .
His parents are Garvin and Gwenda Evans .
Hoover deeply believed in the Efficiency Movement .
He argued that there were technical solutions to all social and economic problems .
In the presidential election of 1928 Hoover easily won the Republican nomination .
His career was a lot similar to his father 's .
He became good at speaking other languages and writing .
He went to Harvard College and became a lawyer .
At age 26 he was appointed Minister to the Netherlands and then he wen to Berlin .
Adams was Secretary of State when James Monroe was President .
He organised joint control of Oregon with Englandand helped get Florida from Spain .
He in many respects paralleled the career as well as the temperament and viewpoints of his illustrious father .
The person he plays comes accross as a brilliant one .
In italian language Lombardy is called Lombardia .
The word is Langbardland and means country of the Longobards .
The capital is Milan .
Lombardy has provinces within it .
In Italian language of Lombardy is called Lombardia .
The Longobards were an old people coming from Scandinavia to fight the Romans .
The capital il Milan .
In italian language Lombardy is called Lombardia .
The Longobards where an old people coming from Scandinavia to fight the Romans .
The names pigeon and dove are often used both for the same meaning .
The domestic pigeon is frequently called the rock dove .
This bird is called the dove of peace .
There are more than 300 species of doves .
Their two white eggs are incubated by both the male and the female parent .
Both sexes have this kind of highly nutritious milk to feed to the young .
The dove came back with an olive branch .
This showed that it had made its nest and decided to stay .
A dove or pigeon is a bird of the family Columbidae .
There are over 300 species of doves .
Their two white eggs are incubated by both the male and the female .
Both sexes create this highly nutritious milk to feed to the young .
The dove returned with an olive branch .
Since he was able to do well fighting in the American Civil War he gained popularity which is what helped him to become president later on .
Since he was able to do well fighting in the American Civil War he gained popularity which would helped him to become president later on .
A fly is a type of insect .
A Fly is a type of insect .
Blue Kryptonite makes people be able to control him using hypnosis .
Blue Kryptonite makes people be able to control him hypnotise .
A trip to the tomb itself reveals it to be empty .
It is eventually revealed that none of the four are the real deal .
Supergirl takes Clark 's form and Superman finds Clark in the rubble of a destroyed building .
Superman is able to track down the Toyman and bring him in with minor trouble .
Not even Darkseid could stop the monster 's rampage .
Superman arrives and drives Bizzaro back to Metropolis .
Lex 's depravity had finally been exposed to Supergirl after she discovered a plot to clone her .
Luthor arms and equips the renegade clones .
The Underworlders ' fight spills out onto the streets of Metropolis and even Superman has trouble containing it .
Luthor and the Underworlders suspect the flood caused by Cadmus is the source of their malady .
Kelly also reveals to Superman Luthor 's location .
The Spectre hurls it into orbit and parts with Superman .
From Dead Again !
Superman quickly realizes someone is trying to kill him .
This causes the world to wonder if the Superman flying around is a fraud .
Superman is able to bring him down again .
The thieves were all caught and Superman got the doll .
The final fight with Conduit occurs in a mock Smallville that Conduit had built in a remote area of the Dakotas .
He manages to capture Superman and drops him there .
Superman and the team return triumphant to Earth .
Superman is later kept decoyed while Lex Luthor marries the Contessa .
But Superman was still powerless .
The two decide to get married quickly .
They do not present much of a challenge to Big Blue .
Something odd strikes Superman as his powers begin to fluctuate .
A trip to Kandor only seemed to make things worse .
Superman worked with his new powers and continued to be a hero .
Superman joins the world 's heroes and the New Gods in a desperate battle against Darkseid and Ares that takes them to the Source Wall and beyond .
The Millennium Giants !
Superman Blue and Superman Red are not capable of handling the colossal giants on their own .
Superman saves the baby and returns her to Lex .
Superman had another rematch with Doomsday about this time .
Superman had gone there because Lana Lang had given birth prematurely and need Superman to fly the baby to the east coast .
The employees gather together to toast the Planet as the building is closed down .
He soon learns that the Cyborg Superman is there and attempting to usurp control of the city .
He stays on patrol nearly constantly .
Superboy gratefully accepts .
Superman realizes that he will have to win back people 's trust one day at a time .
He leads a team of heroes into Hell to reignite the fires .
Their indestructible bond helped them survive and overcome Hell itself .
The new direction began with a return of the Daily Planet .
Lois kept this secret even from Clark .
Superman begins special training with Mongul while Jimmy discovers a photograph of Superman wearing a wedding band .
The two succeed in destroying the construct Imperiex was building to destroy the Sol system .
Superman and Green Lantern have to go into orbit to stop thousands of nuclear missiles launched when the blackout hits .
Superman is joined by the Metal Men in fighting Metallo before starting a desperate struggle with Brainiac 13 .
Even a vacation to an alien planet where the depth of his love for her is manifested does not help the situation .
Superman realizes then that it is not the real Lois .
He dies before he can reveal where Lois is located .
He had barely been able to fight when the Joker dropped by trying to kill Lex Luthor .
Superman is dying of a kind of Kryptonite based cancer .
The operation is successful and Superman is revived and restored to health .
The Joker uses the awesome power of Mxy to remake the entire universe in his own twisted image .
He brutally kills Superman 's friends and loved ones before his eyes .
Clark Kent manages to attend the wedding of Lucy Lane and Ron Troupe .
Thorn and Rampage join with Superman to fight Satanus and rescue the soul of a boy named Cary .
They are aided by a mysterious figure named Night Owl .
Superman is very upset over the news .
Ra 's has kidnapped La Encantadora 's younger brother to force her to use her powers .
Superman encounters a rocket ship in the field near his parent 's house .
Lois decides to accompany Superman on this adventure .
Black is taken into custody but swears he 'll have vengeance .
Apokolips itself warps into earth space .
The JLA alert him that he is needed in orbit and he takes off .
Superman watches several of his friends fall and also witnesses the apparent destruction of Atlantis .
He orders an invasion of his own .
He is afraid that Zod will recognize him and then Lois and his parents will be in danger .
Superman is approached by a pantheon of ancient gods who want Superman to bolster their ranks .
A strange baby with super powers is born in Metropolis .
The three villains return to their own time and Superman returns the Fortress to its proper place .
Clark tells Ollie that Perry White managed to buy all the photos someone managed to take of Ollie 's funeral .
Superman also learns that Lex Luthor knows his secret identity .
Superman defeats Darkseid and everyone returns home alive and well .
For the next half century it remained hidden .
The culprits were a trio of colorless men in suits who surrounded a victim and reduced them to their vegetative state .
Camel saved Superman from suffering the same fate as Ray and Ralph .
The final conflict with General Zod finally occurs .
Luthor makes it clear to Superman that he blames Big Blue for his recent mind wipe and that it served to only reaffirm his hatred for the Man of Steel .
She claims to have been sent back in time by a group called the Futuresmiths .
Girl 13 is under the impression Lana is Superman 's girlfriend .
She leaves voluntarily .
Superman is completely healed and thanks the girls for their help .
She turns out to be a ploy of theirs .
They also infect Superman with a Kryptonian virus which nearly kills him .
Superman refers to this event as the Vanishing and says that it originated in the Middle East .
Superman battles Equus and discovers the machine responsible for the Vanishing .
Superman takes Fr .
As Fr .
Zod had managed to activate the device to draw Superman there .
After a battle with Zod involving Fr .
Superman builds a new Fortress of Solitude in the Amazon Jungle .
Chuck Austen became the lead writer for Action starting with issue 814 .
Jack Ryder was his replacement .
Superboy manages to take him to STAR Labs for treatment .
Superman attends her funeral in Central City before getting to work at helping tracking down her killer .
Greg Rucka took the helm of Adventures with issue 627 .
Clark stays at his wife 's side after the surgery .
Superman learns Ruin 's location and flies off alone to face him .
Repo had made comments about getting his powers from a strange white haired guy who also apparently gave him a chunk of kryptonite .
He was apparently poisoned by the liquid K injected in him by Gog .
Gog successfully fights off Doomsday and apparently kills Superman .
Batman theorizes that Ruin must be someone who knows Superman 's identity and hates him very much .
Superman vows to prove Pete 's innocence .
The JLA concede that it seems like Superman is being manipulated .
Superman is called away from the scene to deal with a nuclear missile .
Zatanna clears his delusion just before he apparently dies in a collapsing building .
Lois goes to Umec to figure out who was behind the hit on her and deduces that it must have been Lord himself .
Superman realizes he is using the Phantom Zone to teleport .
Wonder Woman and Batman both turn up .
All three go their separate ways .
He whispers his name backwards and disappears .
Ruin arrives and battles Superman for the last time .
Hamilton reveals that his suit has a bomb that will take out half the city .
Superman rips the suit off him and lets it detonate high in the air .
Alexander Luthor continues with his machinations to find the perfect Earth .
The first villain they take down is Doomsday himself .
Batman and Wonder Woman decide to take some time off .
As an alien he possess several organs whose functions are not yet disclosed or understood but are believed to be part of and perhaps even the source of his biomatrix force field and reclamation aura .
This energy powers most of Superman 's electromagnetic capabilities such as flight and heat vision .
Technically Superman can augment his super strength to near infinite levels where he is has able to literally move planets from one solar system to another barehanded .
He does require sleep on occasion so he can dream .
He can also hold his breath for an undefined duration .
He has been seen to fly to the moon in minutes so we can assume that he can fly faster than that outside of atmospheric interference .
Superman has limited ability to fly in outer space .
He has been seen flying from the Moon to the Earth in under 2 minutes .
The source of this power remains unexplained .
The maximum temperature of his heat vision is said to be around that of a nuclear detonation .
He is able to see the entire spectrum .
Superman can see the paranormal aura that every living thing generates .
Superman 's vulnerability to magic varies on the special effects of the magic .
He can be injured and worn down by magical entities .
Magic can have powerful and unpredictable effects on Superman and his magical enemies have often proven to be the most dangerous .
There is only one type of Kyrptonite Green and its effect is directly poisonous .
Superman is a famous comic book character .
He is perhaps the first modern superhero character .
There is a TV show called Smallville based on this time .
He is strong enough to lift anything .
He can fly .
He can run and move faster than a bullet .
He can freeze things with his cold breath .
He decides to use his special powers to fight crime and save people in danger .
He saves the entire world many times .
It makes him sick and weak .
His enemies use it to hurt him .
Scientists are still discussing how many species there are .
The number of species varies between 100 and 250 .
Camellia species are used as food plants by the larvae of a number of Butterflies species .
School children often get a choice of skimmed milk or whole milk in cartons for lunch .
People who are used to whole milk may claim that skimmed milk tastes watery .
People who are used to whole milk may claim that skimmed milk may taste watery .
Thus it is called skimmed milk .
It can be in a solid form or in a liquid form .
The liquid form would be in a drink like a hot chocolate or iced chocolate .
White chocolate has little cocoa in it .
It is made of cocoa butter .
It can be in a hard form or in a liquid form .
The hard form would be as pure chocolate and the liquid form would be in a drink like a hot chocolate or iced chocolate .
The back and sides of the body are made of maple .
It has four strings .
It has no frets or other markers .
Players have to learn the exact place to put the fingers of the left hand by memory .
The violin is the smallest and highest pitched string instrument .
A person who makes or fixes a violin is called a luthier .
The violin played an important part in European music .
No other instrument has played such an important part in Europe .
The violin in its modern form is about 400 years old .
Similar string instruments have been around for almost 1000 years .
It became the most important orchestral instrument .
It is also used in folk music .
This word can be used as a nickname for the violin .
It is properly used when talking about folk music .
The violin is the smallest and highest pitched instrument in the string family .
A person who makes or repairs a violin is called a luthier .
No other instrument has played such an important part in European music as the violin .
By the time the modern orchestra started in the 17th century the violin was fully developed and it became the most important orchestral instrument .
The word violin is related to the word viol .
The violin was not made directly from the instruments called viols .
The word violin comes from the Middle Latin word vitula .
It means stringed instrument .
This word is also believed to be the source of the Germanic fiddle .
The modern European violin changed over time from many different bowed stringed instruments .
Some of the instruments that these luthiers made are still in here today .
They are some of the best instruments in existence .
They can have prices as high as several million dollars .
In the 17th century there were several families of luthiers who were extremely good at making instruments .
Some of the instruments that these luthiers made are still in existence today .
This acts as a resonating box .
It makes the vibrating strings sound louder .
Many of the parts of the violin are named after parts of the body .
The front is called the belly .
The back is called the back .
The sides are the ribs .
The strings go from near the top of the neck down the fingerboard and on to the tail piece .
The strings go across the bridge halfway between the end of the fingerboard and the tailpiece .
It is held in place by the strings .
The strings keep it in place because they are so tight .
This is a small piece of wood .
It looks like a small finger .
It goes from the belly to the back .
The soundpost is also held in place by the strings .
They are called f holes .
This is because of their shape .
The violin can be by turning the pegs .
These are now made of foam .
They have special legs to hold them on to the violin .
They are not very cheap .
Many beginners use a sponge and an elastic band instead .
Strings used to be made of gut .
They are now mostly made of steel or nylon .
The bow can be made of several kinds of wood .
An example would be pernambuco .
The strings travel from near the top of the neck down the fingerboard and on to the tail piece .
Halfway between the end of the fingerboard and the tailpiece the strings go across the bridge .
It is held in place because the strings are so tight .
If the strings are completely loosened the bridge will come away .
They are called f holes because of their shape .
The violin can be tuned by turning the pegs .
It takes years of practice to become a good violinist .
Beginners start by practicing on the open strings .
At first the beginner can pluck the strings .
Then he or she can learn how to use the bow .
The violinist has to learn to put the fingers in exactly the right place so that the music is in tune .
This is called intonation .
He will also learn vibrato .
This makes the sound vibrate .
When playing solo music the violinist normally stands .
When playing in chamber music or in orchestras the violinist sits .
This was not always the case .
When sitting he may have to turn his right leg in so that it does not get in the way of the bow .
They wrote the music for solo violin .
Many of these composers were from Italy .
They were themselves violinists .
He composed and played violin music that was very hard .
It was harder than anyone had played before .
People compared him to the devil because he could play so and because he looked good .
In the 17th and 18th centuries composers wrote a lot of music for solo violin .
He composed and played violin music that was harder than anyone had played before .
Another way to say railway track is railway line .
Sometimes people just say railway .
They are all the same thing .
Another way to say railway track is Railway line .
Sometimes people just say Railway .
They are all the same thing .
One track goes east and the other one goes west .
A terminus is the railway station at the end of a railway line .
There are many different types of wolves such as the Arctic Wolf and the well known Gray Wolf .
Many wolves are listed on the endangedered species list .
Many wolves are listed on the endangedered speacies list .
Sometimes they howl for advertising purposes .
Do not be fooled .
Wolves are delicious peeled and served with coleslaw .
Many wolves are listed on the endangedered species list .
The main reason wolves get violent is for food or to protect the pack .
Many people enjoyed his music and tried to play the same way as he did .
Many people enjoyed his music and tried to play the same way he did .
He has been awarded the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for his contribution to popular music and his philanthropic work .
He was recently nominated for his fifth Golden Globe in 2007 for songwriting on the film Bobby and has been nominated three times for Academy Awards for his music in film .
From his grandmother he also inherited a Maltese ancestry .
Adams and Vallance were both disenchanted with the club scene and both worked in Vancouver studios doing sessions .
Both songs were covered by other artists even before his first album was released .
The album was certified gold in Canada in 1986 .
Straight from the Heart was the most successful song from Cuts Like A Knife reaching number ten on the Billboard Hot 100 .
This Time also placed on the Hot 100 .
Music videos were released for four of the singles from the album .
Cuts Like a Knife arguably became Adams ' most recognizable and popular song from the album .
Its music video received heavy airplay on music television .
The hit single It 's Only Love was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group .
After winning four Juno Awards Adams started a Canadian tour through major cities across that country .
Adams began the first leg of his tour entitled World Wide in 85 which started in Oklahoma and ended in October 1985 .
This album contained the hit songs Heat Of The Night and Hearts On Fire .
Canadian content regulations were revised in 1991 to allow radio stations to credit airplay of this album towards their legal requirements to play Canadian music .
Adams won a Grammy Award in 1991 for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or for Television .
It reached the UK top five and peaked at number one which would be Adams ' second in a row .
The album has been certified platinum in the United States and is Adams last studio effort which has been certified by the RIAA .
On a Day Like Today was released in 1998 and was the first studio album since Cuts Like a Knife which was n't certified by the RIAA .
The album was certified three times platinum in Canada and Platinum in the UK .
Adams wrote and performed the theme song Never Let Go which was featured in the closing credits .
The first single released from the album was I Thought I 'd Seen Everything .
In the United States the album charted at number eighty .
His first high profile charity appearance came in 1985 when he opened the US transmission of Live Aid from Philadelphia .
Adams was to return to Wembley Stadium the following year when he performed at the Nelson Mandela birthday party concert .
The money went to Qatar 's Reach Out to Asia campaign to help the underprivileged across the continent .
Some of the proceeds of that concert also went to victims of the 2005 Pakistan earthquake .
Adams wrote a letter on behalf of the animal rights group PETA to protest KFC 's treatment of chickens .
He released a similar book of photos called Made In Canada in December 1999 followed by Haven in 2000 .
A DVD of the concert was issued .
Bryan photographed the band and his photos appear in the DVD booklet .
Bryan Adams supports the Hear the World initiative as official photographer in its aim to raise global awareness for the topic of hearing and hearing loss .
May 2008 .
He has been awarded the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for his contribution to popular music and his philanthropic work .
He was recently nominated for his fifth Golden Globe in 2007 for songwriting on the film Bobby and has been nominated three times for Academy Awards for his music in film .
From his grandmother he also inherited a Maltese ancestry .
Adams and Vallance were both disenchanted with the club scene and both worked in Vancouver studios doing sessions .
Both songs were covered by other artists even before his first album was released .
The album was certified gold in Canada in 1986 .
Straight from the Heart was the most successful song from Cuts Like A Knife reaching number ten on the Billboard Hot 100 .
This Time also placed on the Hot 100 .
Music videos were released for four of the singles from the album .
Cuts Like a Knife arguably became Adams ' most recognizable and popular song from the album .
Its music video received heavy airplay on music television .
The hit single It 's Only Love was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group .
After winning four Juno Awards Adams started a Canadian tour through major cities across that country .
Adams began the first leg of his tour entitled World Wide in 85 which started in Oklahoma and ended in October 1985 .
This album contained the hit songs Heat Of The Night and Hearts On Fire .
Canadian content regulations were revised in 1991 to allow radio stations to credit airplay of this album towards their legal requirements to play Canadian music .
Adams won a Grammy Award in 1991 for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or for Television .
It reached the UK top five and peaked at number one which would be Adams ' second in a row .
The album has been certified platinum in the United States and is Adams last studio effort which has been certified by the RIAA .
On a Day Like Today was released in 1998 and was the first studio album since Cuts Like a Knife which was n't certified by the RIAA .
The album was certified three times platinum in Canada and Platinum in the UK .
Adams wrote and performed the theme song Never Let Go which was featured in the closing credits .
The first single released from the album was I Thought I 'd Seen Everything .
In the United States the album charted at number eighty .
His first high profile charity appearance came in 1985 when he opened the US transmission of Live Aid from Philadelphia .
Adams was to return to Wembley Stadium the following year when he performed at the Nelson Mandela birthday party concert .
The money went to Qatar 's Reach Out to Asia campaign to help the underprivileged across the continent .
Some of the proceeds of that concert also went to victims of the 2005 Pakistan earthquake .
Adams wrote a letter on behalf of the animal rights group PETA to protest KFC 's treatment of chickens .
He released a similar book of photos called Made In Canada in December 1999 followed by Haven in 2000 .
A DVD of the concert was issued .
Bryan photographed the band and his photos appear in the DVD booklet .
Bryan Adams supports the Hear the World initiative as official photographer in its aim to raise global awareness for the topic of hearing and hearing loss .
May 2008 .
He has been awarded the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for his contribution to popular music and his philanthropic work .
He was recently nominated for his fifth Golden Globe in 2007 for songwriting on the film Bobby and has been nominated three times for Academy Awards for his music in film .
From his grandmother he also inherited a Maltese ancestry .
Adams and Vallance were both disenchanted with the club scene and both worked in Vancouver studios doing sessions .
Both songs were covered by other artists even before his first album was released .
The album was certified gold in Canada in 1986 .
Straight from the Heart was the most successful song from Cuts Like A Knife reaching number ten on the Billboard Hot 100 .
This Time also placed on the Hot 100 .
Music videos were released for four of the singles from the album .
Cuts Like a Knife arguably became Adams ' most recognizable and popular song from the album .
Its music video received heavy airplay on music television .
The hit single It 's Only Love was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group .
After winning four Juno Awards Adams started a Canadian tour through major cities across that country .
Adams began the first leg of his tour entitled World Wide in 85 which started in Oklahoma and ended in October 1985 .
This album contained the hit songs Heat Of The Night and Hearts On Fire .
Canadian content regulations were revised in 1991 to allow radio stations to credit airplay of this album towards their legal requirements to play Canadian music .
Adams won a Grammy Award in 1991 for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or for Television .
It reached the UK top five and peaked at number one which would be Adams ' second in a row .
The album has been certified platinum in the United States and is Adams last studio effort which has been certified by the RIAA .
On a Day Like Today was released in 1998 and was the first studio album since Cuts Like a Knife which was n't certified by the RIAA .
The album was certified three times platinum in Canada and Platinum in the UK .
Adams wrote and performed the theme song Never Let Go which was featured in the closing credits .
The first single released from the album was I Thought I 'd Seen Everything .
In the United States the album charted at number eighty .
His first high profile charity appearance came in 1985 when he opened the US transmission of Live Aid from Philadelphia .
Adams was to return to Wembley Stadium the following year when he performed at the Nelson Mandela birthday party concert .
The money went to Qatar 's Reach Out to Asia campaign to help the underprivileged across the continent .
Some of the proceeds of that concert also went to victims of the 2005 Pakistan earthquake .
Adams wrote a letter on behalf of the animal rights group PETA to protest KFC 's treatment of chickens .
He released a similar book of photos called Made In Canada in December 1999 followed by Haven in 2000 .
A DVD of the concert was issued .
Bryan photographed the band and his photos appear in the DVD booklet .
Bryan Adams supports the Hear the World initiative as official photographer in its aim to raise global awareness for the topic of hearing and hearing loss .
May 2008 .
A pilgrimage is when people go to a place of worship that is usually far .
They may have to go do a different city or country .
A pilgrimage is a religous journey to a place of worship .
It is located in North America .
The Republic of Costa Rica is a country in Central America that has enjoyed a long period of peace since its 1948 civil war .
His work as president will finish in 2010 .
Costa Rica 's language is Spanish .
Costa Rica has had no army since 1949 .
The Republic of Costa Rica is a country in Central America which has enjoyed a long period of peace since its 1948 civil war .
This weather is dubbed eternal spring .
Costa Rica 's official language is Spanish .
Costa Rica has no army and uses the money previously used for defense on education .
The nickname of Wisconsin is the Badger State .
The design of this tower was bad from the beginning .
In 1198 some clocks were temporarily put into the unfinished construction .
The design of this tower was flawed from the beginning .
In 1198 some clocks were temporarily installed on the unfinished construction .
In 1198 some clocks were temporarily put into the unfinished construction .
That makes it even less fair .
Some people think we should try to make it more fair instead .
Sometimes people get money for strange things .
A person who is good at playing football can make a lot of money .
So people say the person growing food should be paid more .
But they are not .
So a person who is good at playing football can make a lot of money .
So people who do not like capitalism say the person growing food should be paid more .
They say we should try to make things more fair .
We should not make things less fair .
The government does not tell people what job to take .
The government also does not stop people from doing a job .
A business sells things that people want .
The investors can get more and more profit if the businesses are successful .
Socialists and communists are people who do not support capitalism .
He said that capitalism would go away after workers decided to take over the government in a revolution .
There are different words for people who support capitalism .
People who call themselves conservatives often support capitalism too .
Most people agree that capitalism can only work if the government keeps people from stealing other people 's things .
It is not very common .
The individual has no government intervention in their worklife .
People can pool their resources to aquire something too expensive for any of them to aquire alone .
A business sells things that they hope people want .
Socialists and communists are some of the people who disagree capitalism .
He said that capitalism would be replaced by a new form of production after workers revolted .
Most people agree that capitalism can only work people 's private propperty is secured .
There are different words for people who support capitalism .
People who call themselves conservatives favor capitalist beliefs .
Chicken can be eaten in many different ways .
You can eat almost every part of it .
A floppy drive is the part of the computer that reads the floppy disk .
A floppy drive is the part of the computer that allows the floppy disk to be read by the computer .
The song became one of the biggest hits of 1943 .
His show began on NBC Television in 1956 .
NBC agreed to support The Nat King Cole Show for a while .
Here Nat King Cole sings When I Fall in Love with the Gordon Jenkins orchestra .
One was a 1990 Grammy Award for lifetime achievement .
The article above is a reuse and rewriting of a public domain material from Voice of America Special English website .
Newspapers all over the world reported his death on their front pages .
Everyone mourned the loss of the man and all the music he might have written .
Gershwin is still considered one of America 's greatest composers .
His works still are performed by many singers and groups .
They are probably performed more often than any other serious American composer .
Austrian composer Arnold Schoenberg was one of the people who praised George Gershwin .
Doctors discovered he had developed a type of cystic malignant brain tumor known as glioblastoma multiforme .
Scientists have recently discovered viral connections to this type of tumor .
The diagnosis of glioblastoma multiforme has been questioned .
It is highly unlikely that a glioblastoma multiforme would cause symptoms of that duration prior to causing death .
Pilocytic astrocytomas may cause symptoms for twenty or more years prior to diagnosis .
Gershwin died intestate .
All his property passed to his mother .
The Gershwin estate continues to collect significant royalties from licensing the copyrights on Gershwin 's work .
The estate supported the Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension Act because its 1923 cutoff date was shortly before Gershwin had begun to create his most popular works .
The copyrights on those works expired at the end of 2007 in the European Union .
They will expire between 2019 and 2027 in the United States .
A pianist is a person who plays the piano .
Pianist is a person who plays the piano .
The Internet communications system lets millions of computer users around the world to link together for business and fun .
People could no longer get cash from the bank 's machines using their credit cards .
The experts believe the worm was first created in Asia .
Computer viruses are harmful computer programs that can destroy information on a computer or cause the computer to stop .
The Internet communications system permits millions of computer users around the world to link together for business and enjoyment .
Anyone using the Internet can find information about many different subjects in many different languages in only a few minutes .
Or they make the computer fill itself with so much useless information that it stops working .
Three servers maintaining the Internet crashed due to the worm .
People could no longer get their money from the bank 's machines using their cards .
This kind of vehicle problem is called a traffic jam .
The experts believe the worm was first released in Asia .
South Korea may have been the worst affected nation in the January 24th attack .
Microsoft says it wants to improve the speed of future updates or patches for computer users linked to the Internet .
This is known as a superlative construction .
REDIRECT scientist .
Scientists are people who study science .
Another word for learning difficulties is learning disabilities .
Some people with learning difficulties also find it hard to fit in with society because there are many things that people must know to live in society .
Learning difficulties can be small things .
Sometimes they are bigger problems .
However some people with learning difficulties can be very clever .
Some scientists and other important people have learning difficulties .
Some people with learning difficulties also find it hard to fit in with society because there are many things thta somebody needs to know to fit in with society .
However some people with learning difficulties can be very bright and it is thought that even some scientists or other important people such as Sir Isac Newton had learning difficulties .
Some people with learning difficulties also find it hard to fit in with society because there are many things that people must know to live in society .
However they can often deal with their difficulties by doing things in different ways .
Some people with learning difficulties can be very clever .
Autism is just such a disabling case .
Adults with learning difficulties are sometimes misunderstood by other people who think that they are stupid or have mental illnesses .
It is usally used in gardens .
It is the ratio of the current density to the electric field strength .
Star Wars has been very popular .
The Force can move things without touching or predict what is soon to happen .
After many years the galaxy 's government has a war with planets who left the government .
Anakin then turns into a villain named Darth Vader .
Luke also helps Anakin be good again .
The galaxy is saved .
The Force can move things without touching or predicting what is soon to happen .
Anakin helps a lot .
Anakin then turns into a villian named Darth Vader .
Kansas is one of the states in the United States of America .
Kansas is one of the states in United States of America .
It is located about halfway between the Pacific and the Atlantic Ocean .
He is most famous as being the only bachelor President not to have married .
Neurobiology looks at the brain and the nerve cells thatconnect to form the brain .
Neurobiology looks at the brain and the nerves that are connected to the brain .
Mathematics can describe how fluids move using equations .
Fluid dynamics can also be used to understand how airplanes fly through the air or how ships and submarines move through water .
Computer programs can use the equations of fluid dynamics to simulate moving fluids .
Computers have helped us understand fluid dynamics very much and some people study only how to simulate fluids in a computer .
The mathematical equations that govern fluid flow are simple to think about but very hard to solve .
In most real life cases there is no way to get an solution that can be written down and a computer must be used to calculate the answer instead .
Sometimes this may not apply such as a flow involving a chemical reaction .
The momentum equations are the equations that make it hard to solve problems in fluid dynamics .
There are a number of different versions that include a number of different effects .
To solve the equations more information is often needed in the form of an equation of state .
The mathematical equations that govern fluid flow are conceptually simple but very hard to solve .
In most real life cases there is no way to get an exact solution and a computational method must be used .
There are situations where this may not apply such as a flow involving a chemical reaction .
The momentum equations are the equations that cause difficulties in solving fluid flow problems .
There are various versions that include various effects .
To solve the equations additional information is often needed in the form of an equation of state .
His job was to drive a truck and to take wounded soldiers away from battle .
The Red Cross sent him to Italy .
This was when a weapons factory in Milan exploded .
He went close to the fighting to see how he could act in the face of danger .
His job was to drive one of its trucks and take wounded soldiers away from battle .
He went close to the fighting to see how he would act in the face of danger .
Many people have come across this site in one way or another because it is the default main page for Internet Explorer .
Many people have come across this site in one way or another because it is main page for Internet Explorer .
All those in the house of Abu Sufyan are safe .
All those behind closed doors are safe .
He did not receive a direct response so he returned back home .
This is a belt worn by the superhero Dracula .
The volcanoes generally get younger as you go from the coust to the in terior .
These volcanoes probably formed as a result of the Norh American continent sliding westward over a small hotspot like the one feeding the Hawaiian islands .
The ash plume from this explosion traveled east across British Columbia into Alberta .
The final stages of the produced a short lava flow .
Two peripheral clusters of hot springs are found within the complex and suggest that magmatic heat is still present .
The failure of natural dams formed on the upper Lollooet river by landslides not associated with volcanic activity could produce catastophic floods .
Clematis is a genus of plants that is widely known for its beautiful flowers .
There are many varieties in this group as gardeners around the world have produced many varieties .
They can be found not only in Western countries but also in Japan .
The original species can mostly be found in temperate areas on Earth .
Some species can also be found on high mountains .
There are many varieties in this group as gardeners around the world has produced many varieties .
The original species mostly can be found in temperate areas on Earth .
But you can find some species even in high mountains .
We can then divide both sides by 99 .
A number that is not rational is called irrational .
Most of the numbers that people deal with in everyday life are rational .
These include fractions and integers .
All rational numbers can be written as a fraction .
A decimal is a decimal with a certain number of digits to the right of the decimal point .
All of these are rational .
It rounds the 6 at the end up to 7 .
The digits after the decimal point in an irrational number do not repeat .
Most of the numbers people see every day are rational .
All the natural numbers are rational numbers .
All the whole numbers are rational numbers .
There are numbers which are not rational .
We can then divide both sides by 99 .
People can add or subtract two rational numbers and they always get another rational number .
We say that rational numbers are closed under addition and subtraction .
People can multiply two rational numbers and will always get another rational number .
We say that rational numbers are closed under multiplication .
We say that rational numbers are closed under division .
The set of all rational numbers is countable .
We could also imagine leaving them out .
Green is the color for Saint Patrick 's day as it is the national color of Ireland and people will wear green on that day or have some type of shamrock on their clothing .
Green is the color for Saint Patrick 's day as it is the national color of Ireland and people will wear green on that day or have some type of shamrRAWRock on their clothing .
Sometimes the information Cayce gave contradicts modern science .
Cayce would also give information that contradicted many professionals who had devoted their life to a subject matter .
The many Cayce readings would later become commonly known practices of the New Age movement .
There are also times when the information Cayce gave contradicts modern science .
Cayce would also give information that blatantly contradicted many professionals who had devoted their life to a subject matter .
The subject matter of many Cayce readings would later become commonly known practices of some elements of the New Age movement .
The information came to be called readings .
The information thus given came to be called readings .
This is because if he was not real then how would he have this feeling that he was thinking .
He also thought that he could show that god existed because he felt that god existed in the same way that he felt that he was thinking .
Descartes said that god was the same as infinety and that he could clearly see infinity because he could think of every larger objects but no largest object .
Although Descartes wanted to fight Sceptisism his description of it in the meditations has become very famouse and is often called cartesian sceptisism after him .
Although Descartes wanted to fight Sceptisism his description of it has become very famouse and is often called cartesian sceptisism after him .
It is next to the great Lake Victoria .
Tanzania is a multicultural society with people from many different cultures .
They send about 100 tons of fish to Europe and America every day .
Most of the people in Tanzania work in agriculture .
Agriculture in Tanzania is mainly very small farms .
The president of the United Republic of Tanzania is Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete .
The two countries joined together to form the United Republic of Tanzania in April 1964 .
It has held a successful general elections in 1995 and 2000 .
It is placed on the great Lake Victoria .
Tanzania is a multicultural society .
They export every day about 100 tons of fish to Europe and America .
Most of the inhabitants of Tanzania live from agriculture .
The president of the united Tanzania is Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete .
The two countries united to form the United Republic of Tanzania in April 1964 .
Ford made the Model T easy to drive compared to today 's cars since the people he sold his cars to did not know how to drive anything other than a horse .
CBC stands for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation .
It is a national television company in Canada .
Glucose level in the blood is controlled by several hormones .
They may even appear to have had too much alcohol .
The most important goal in diabetes is to keep a normal blood glucose level .
Diabetes mellitus is a disease where people have high levels of glucose in the blood .
Glucose level in the blood is regulated by several hormones .
The most important goal in diabetes is to keep a normal blood glucose .
Type 1 diabetes mellitus happens when the part of the pancreas that makes insulin is destroyed by that person 's own immune system .
They also need to check the amount of sugar in their blood many times each day .
Type 1 diabetes happens most of the time in a young person .
About 1 out of every 100 persons gets Type 1 diabetes .
Type 2 diabetes mellitus is a very different illness from Type 1 diabetes .
Type 2 diabetes happens most of the time in an older person who is fat .
Gestational diabetes mellitus is like Type 2 diabetes .
It happens to some women when they are pregnant .
Type 1 diabetes has had several names .
It is caused by the pancreas stopping making insulin .
People with Type 1 must take insulin every day .
This is usually given by injecting insulin under the skin with a small needle .
People with IDDM also have to eat a special diet .
He played an important part in the Romantic movement in France .
Hugo is sometimes thought to be the greatest French poet .
As he got older he became more liberal and supported republicanism .
His work was about a lot of the political and social problems as well as the artistic of his time .
Hugo lived in France for most of his life .
During the reign of Napoleon III he went into exile .
He moved to Jersey in 1852 .
He stayed there until 1855 when he went to live in Guernsey until 1870 .
Some great events marked Hugo 's early childhood .
The Bourbon Monarchy was restored When he was 17 .
His parents had different political and religious views .
These views would be the two main belligerents fighting for power in France .
Hugo 's father was an officer .
He ranked very high in Napoleon 's army .
His mother was an extreme Catholic Royalist .
Victor Hugo learned much from these travels .
Thereafter she dominated Hugo 's education and upbringing .
Her young husband died trying to save her .
Quoi donc !
I do n't have her any more !
The precocious passion and eloquence of Hugo 's early work brought success and fame at an early age .
The author was acutely aware of the quality of the novel and publication of the work went to the highest bidder .
Today the novel remains his most enduringly popular work .
Thereafter he became increasingly involved in French politics .
Hugo 's religious views changed radically over the course of his life .
A Freethinker .
Well over one thousand musical compositions have been inspired by Hugo 's works from the 1800s until the present day .
Despite his popularity Hugo lost his bid for reelection to the National Assembly in 1872 .
On 30 January 1876 Hugo was elected to the newly created Senate .
The last phase of his political career is considered a failure .
Hugo took on the role of a maverick and got little done in the Senate .
In February 1881 Hugo celebrated his 79th birthday .
On the 27th one of the largest parades in French history was held .
The paraders marched for six hours to pass Hugo as he sat in the window at his house .
Most large French towns and cities have a street named for him .
Sometimes he would even toss in coffee or soot to get the effects he wanted .
Hugo is venerated as a saint in the Vietnamese religion of Cao Dai .
A number of streets and avenues throughout France are likewise named after him .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Victor Hugo .
Alfred Bates .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Alfred Bates .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Hugo 's Cromwell .
Alfred Bates .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Drawings of Victor Hugo .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Amy Robsart .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Victor Hugo .
Encyclopedia of 1848 Revolutions .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Books and Writers .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Victor Hugo .
Retrieved November 2005 .
A Sabre in the Night .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Meet the Writers .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Uncited Author .
Victor Hugo .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Uncited Author .
Timeline of Victor Hugo .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Uncited Author .
Victor Hugo .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Uncited Author .
Hugo Caricature .
Retrieved November 2005 .
Victor Hugo and His Times .
Victor Hugo and the Visionary Novel .
University Press of the Pacific .
A Victor Hugo Encyclopedia .
Greenwood Press .
The Career of Victor Hugo .
Harvard University Press .
Out of print .
Victor Hugo and the Romantic Drama .
University of Toronto Press .
Publish American .
Victor Hugo .
Clarendon Press .
Victor Hugo and His World .
Out of print .
English translation of Hugo 's Oh !
He was one of France 's greatest poets .
Hugo had a very bad family life .
Because of his political ideas he was sent into exile .
He was a religious man .
Sophie went to Italy with her husband who was a governor of a province near Naples .
They also went to Spain where Joseph governed three Spanish provinces .
She settled in Paris .
This meant she dominated Hugo 's education .
The 1848 Revolution made Hugo rebel against his Catholic Royalist education .
Thereafter she dominated Hugo 's education and upbringing .
This helped his reputation .
He was already considered one of the greatest elegiac and lyric poets of his time .
This was only shortly after her marriage .
She drowned in the Seine at Villequier .
Her husband died as he tried to save her .
Her young husband died trying to save her .
First he defended the cause of Romanticism .
Hugo 's passion and eloquence in his early work made him successful and famous at an early age .
The precocious passion and eloquence of Hugo 's early work brought success and fame at an early age .
The finals now include 32 teams .
The Smashing Pumpkins were an influential alternative rock band of the early 1990s .
The Smashing Pumpkins were an influental alternative rock band of the early 1990s .
The part on the model that takes the changing signals and helps turn them into movement is called the receiver .
The part on the model that takes the signals and helps turn them into movement is called the receiver .
This is why the country needed lots of samurai .
Each caste was then divided into different groups according to importance .
Samurai without masters were called ronin and caused minor troubles during the early Edo Period .
The samurai were allowed to fight anybody who did not show them proper respect .
In this way the warrior was able to test his sword 's sharpness .
Japanese women had a very clear role in Japanese society .
Most of them took care of house and crops and raising children .
They usually did this while their warrior husbands were busy in battles .
They had qualities that made them an important part of Japanese society .
Wives of rich samurai were very well dressed and enjoyed a good position in society .
They did not do any physical work .
No women were allowed to be involve in politics or warfare .
Special books were written for women .
But by the end of the Tokugawa period women attended philosophical and literary classes .
Masterless samurai were called ronin and caused minor troubles during the early Edo Period .
With this method the warrior was able to test his sword 's sharpness .
Japanese women had a specific role in Japanese society .
Most of them were taking care of house and crops and raising children .
They usually did it while their warrior husbands were engaged in battles .
They possessed qualities that made them a important part of Japanese society .
They were are of his wife and children .
Wifes of rich samurai were very well dressed and enjoyed a good position in society .
They were not participating in physical labor .
All women were not allowed to involve in politics or warfare .
There were created special books for women .
But by the end of Tokugawa period women attended philosophical and literary classics .
He says that they will be like a country in anarchy .
He sais that they will be like a country in anarchy .
However people who do good things end up happy .
However people who do good things end up happy .
Plato thought that people and societies are very much alike .
He said that they will be like a country in anarchy .
Plato thinks that people and societies are very much alike .
He says that they will be like a country in anarchy .
He introduced the philosophy called Platonism .
He introduces the philosophy called Platonism .
He was born the fourth of fourteen children came from family of sharecroppers .
Acoustic guitars do n't weight so much but have less marks on the neck .
This type of pick is called a plectrum .
The left hand holds the neck of the guitar while the fingers press the strings to the fretboard .
Different finger positions on the fretboard make different notes .
Most pieces of popular music that have been written since the 1950s are written with guitars .
This type of guitar is called acoustic .
This is because they do not use acoustics to amplify the sound .
Modern guitars come in four main types .
There are many other different types of acoustic guitars from different parts of the world .
It belonged to Queen Elizabeth I and probably to her father Henry VIII before it was given to her .
The introduction to the oud caused changes to the design of the cithara .
The left hand holds the neck of the guitar while the fingers press down the strings to make different notes .
Plucked string instruments that are like guitars have been used for thousands of years .
Most pieces of popular music that have been written since the 1950s need guitars .
There are many different types of guitars depending on how they are made and the type of music they are used for .
These guitars are acoustic instrument .
A person who makes or mends guitars is a luthier which comes from the word for a lute .
There are many other different types of acoustic guitar from different parts of the world .
It belonged to Queen Elizabeth I and probably to her father Henry VIII before that .
A humbucker is simply two single coil pickups attached to each other and wired to each other .
The word guitar is a word that the Iberian Arabic language took from the Persian language .
The word guitarra was introduced into Spanish when such instruments were brought into Iberia by the Moors after the 10th century .
The word guitar is a Persian loanword to Iberian Arabic .
The name guitarra was introduced into Spanish when such instruments were brought into Iberia by the Moors after the 10th century .
Green Day Authority .
The Green Day Wiki A Wikia project Green Day wiki .
The Green Day Wiki A Wikia established Green Day wiki .
He was a famous artist recording on the Motown label in the 1960s and 1970s .
The record won him two Grammy Awards and became his biggest hit .
His comeback was eventually cut short by his 1984 death at the hands of his clergyman father .
He was posthumously inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987 .
He was honorably discharged the following year .
The group was discovered by musician Bo Diddley and they recorded the songs Good Morning Little Schoolgirl and Wyatt Earp .
They then met Harvey Fuqua and joined with his group The Moonglows .
They released a song called Mama Loocie in 1959 .
This was the first song recorded with Gaye singing as lead vocalist .
Gordy was impressed by Marvin 's talent as a piano player and drummer and signed him as a session drummer for Motown .
The album did not sell well .
In 1962 he released his own song called Stubborn Kind of Fellow .
Orgasm is a very pleasant feeling .
Orgasm is a very intensive pleasant feeling similar to the women .
How often masturbation is done depends on many different factors .
Some of these factors influencing the frequency may be levels of hormones .
These influence sexual arousal .
General health is another of the many factors .
It can increase fertility during sexual intercourse .
It does this by using sexual functions .
This can either increase or decrease the chance of conception .
If the chance is increased or decreased depends on the timing of the masturbation .
Female masturbation can also protect against cervical infections .
It does this by increasing the acidity of the cervical mucus and by moving debris out of the cervix .
Masturbation exercises sexual functions to increase fertility during intercourse .
Female masturbation can also provide protection against cervical infections by increasing the acidity of the cervical mucus and by moving debris out of the cervix .
Objects inserted into the vagina or anus should be clean and should not be able to scratch or break .
Objects inserted into the vagina or anus should be clean and of a kind that will not scratch or break .
Sometimes a lubricant is used to create a softer sensation .
Orgasm is a very pleasurable feeling which results in semen being ejaculated from the penis .
The anus is rich in nerve endings and is sometimes stimulated during masturbation .
Masturbation is almost always continued until orgasm .
Orgasm is a very pleasant feeling .
During orgasm sperm is ejaculated from the tip of the penis .
It may however cause tiredness for a short time .
Masturbation is usually continued until orgasm .
Animation is a way of making a movie from many unmoving images .
The illusion of movement is caused because of persistence of vision .
A person who creates animations is called an animator .
Flash uses a combination of drawing and computer graphics to make animations .
Many animations on the internet are made in Flash .
Most animators on the internet do not work for professional companies .
Limited animation is drawn with not a lot of movement in it .
This makes drawing the images easier .
This type is used to lower the cost of making animations .
It also helps to make production of animation faster .
Animation is a way of making a movie from still images .
This method often cuts costs and speeds up the production process through shortcuts .
We all do these unconscious actions or reflex actions .
We all these unconscious actions or reflex actions .
Consciousness is a spectrum .
Consciousness is an spectrum .
It is also a part of a female body that forms a canal making the passageway to the cervix .
It is also a part of a female genitals that forms a canal making the passageway to the cervix .
Carpenters usually make very good foremen on larger jobs as they deal with so much of the project from ground up .
Carpenters usually make very good Foremen on Larger jobs as they deal with so much of the project from ground up .
Carpenters usually make very good foremen on larger jobs as they deal with so much of the project from ground up .
Carpenters use an ever expanding kit of tools and the learning curve is never ending as methods tools and materials are ever changing .
San Diego is the 2nd largest city in California .
The judicial branch is referred to the Iowa Supreme Court and is currently headed by Chief Justice Marsha Ternus .
It is the official game of the United States Army .
The first version was free .
It has been updated many times since then .
America 's Army was made by the MOVES Institute at the Naval Postgraduate School .
It is based on the Unreal engine .
America 's Army is a tactical shooter .
It is also called a serious games .
The game has been changed a lot .
This keeps people interested in the game .
His basic idea eventually became America 's Army .
In the same year less people were joining the army .
This version was developed by UbiSoft .
People have argued about the Army using it 's money to make a game .
They are also worried about how this game will change people 's lives .
In America 's Army there are teams of soldiers fighting in a war .
The person who is playing controls a soldier of the US Army from the character 's eyes .
This is called first person .
One of America 's Armys different features is the way the enemies are .
The players are split into two different teams .
There is usually an assault group and a defense group .
In training maps the only distinguishing features are the players ' uniforms .
The development team did this to make the game realistic for players on both sides .
They allowed everyone to play on the side of the good guys .
They also avoiding the problem of asking players to kill American soldiers .
The important thing is that each weapon behaves as the owner sees it .
It transforms when it is picked up .
Every round starts with both teams spawning at the same time .
For a listing of missions gohere .
The game then distributes score which calculates the player 's Honor level .
Every healing of injured teammates and every killing of opponents increases a players score and Honor .
Completing the game 's missions affects a player 's score in a good way and his Honor points as well .
The most common is to not let anyone with less than 10 Honor in because this is the base level that everyone starts with .
Some also do n't let players with too much Honor in .
The game depicts real guns .
The guns have all the same traits as the real versions .
Some players from each team may be medics .
Medics can help their teammates get better after they get shot .
Being a medic is an extra ability which is added to the class .
The Honor points are used to decide which players gets which class .
Players with more Honor usually get to pick their class first .
Each gun also can jam in action .
When a gun jams it means that it stops working because a part is stuck .
The player then needs to press a button to fix the gun .
This can be a problem because it makes it so that the player can not shoot for a few seconds .
AA was the first game ever to have player 's guns jam .
They tried to make the blast radius of grenades more like real life than it usually is in other games .
In the newer versions of the game players can make changes to their weapons .
The XM25 in AA will be an assault weapon that fires an Airburst round using a special launcher .
It can also be used against bunkers and other strong locations .
The game currently has 28 multiplayer maps and 14 single player training missions .
Each side must find collection of weapons .
Includes Stryker vehicles that can not be driven .
The map 's layout and objectives stay the same .
Each side must secure objective points .
America 's Army was developed in part by the MOVES Institute at the Naval Postgraduate School and is based on the Unreal engine .
America 's Army falls into the subgenre of tactical shooter and also belongs to a category known as serious games .
Successive updates to the game have kept a steady player base .
The console version is being developed by UbiSoft .
Since the release of America 's Army the game has generated criticism for its purpose .
One of America 's Armys unusual features is the design of the player 's opponents .
Each round starts with the two teams spawning simultaneously .
For a listing of missions see below .
The game then distributes score which calculates the player 's Honor level .
The accomplishment of the game 's missions affects your score favorably and therefore your Honor points as well .
Some also restrict players with too much Honor .
Being a medic is an additional ability which is added on top of the chosen class .
The Honor points are used in the allocation of class spots .
Players with more Honor generally get the first choice of classes .
Each gun also can jam in action and the player needs to press a button to perform an action fixing the gun 's jam .
Due to both the fact that the player can not use the weapon while it is jammed and that it takes several seconds to be fixed can be a crisis for the player since it occurs inherently when they need to shoot .
AA was the first game ever to model weapon jamming for the players firearms .
The blast radius of grenades was intended to be more realistic than it has been made in other games .
Weapon modifications were introduced in later versions .
The M4 Carbine can be configured in a variety of ways and allow the soldier to have features suited to a particular map .
The XM25 in AA will be a sort of air burst assault weapon that fires an Airburst round via a specialized launcher .
It can also be used against bunkers and other hardened locations .
Each side must secure weapon caches .
Includes immobile Stryker vehicles .
The maps layout and objectives remain the same however .
Each side must secure a series of objective points .
The information there is not true .
The information there is not factual .
Zamenhof wanted esperanto to be the international language .
Zamenhof wanted esperanto to be the internatioanl language .
Esperanto is an artificial language .
The starting point of its development was a language project published by Ludoviko Lazaro Zamenhof in 1887 .
Many words can be made opposite by adding mal at the beginning .
Mi estas knabo .
Esperanto has over 20 special words which can change meaning of another word .
Rules in the Esperanto language never change and can always be used in the same way .
Esperantisto means Esperanto speaker .
Esperantisto means a speaker of Esperanto .
Zamenhof wanted to make an easy language to increase international understanding .
Zamenhof wanted to create an easy language to increase international understanding .
Esperanto is a special language that was designed to be easy to learn .
He made it so people from different countries could talk to each other .
But people that learned the language wanted to call it Esperanto .
Esperanto really means the one who hopes .
Esperanto is a special language that was made to be very easy to learn .
The book appeared in 1887 .
Esperanto means the one who hopes .
Esperanto really means the one who hopes .
But people that learned the language wanted to call it Esperanto .
Esperanto means the one who hopes .
Someone who wants to see them play a live concert will have to go to Europe .
An orgasm is a sexual climax or peak .
An orgasm is a strong feeling of excitement and pleasure that happens as a result of continued sexual stimulation .
Orgasm means a sexual climax .
An orgasm is a feeling of excitement and pleasure that happens as a result of continued sexual stimulation .
When a person has an orgasm certain parts of his or her body change quickly during the time that the feeling is there .
When a man has an orgasm a body function known as ejaculation happens to him .
Chemical traces of prehistoric organisms is called a chemofossil .
Chemical traces of prehistoric organisms is known as a chemofossil .
These often were about weird creatures that Lovecraft made up by himself or took from existing mythology .
These often were about weird creatures that Lovecraft invented by himself or took from existing mythology .
Infectious disease is an important cause of pain and death .
Infectious disease is illness caused by an organism being invaded by a pathogen .
An organism is a living thing like a plant or animal .
A pathogen is an organism that causes disease in other organisms .
It can be passed from one organism to another .
Passing this from one to another is called infection .
Infectious disease is an important cause of suffering and death .
For example if I want an apple and think that by walking to a table with some apples on it I can get one then I will walk to the table .
Other philosophers say that the want think theory is not true .
However they say that we should not do so .
They say that we should wait untill we do understand the brain .
It is sometimes called Chinese chess .
Xiangqi is a form of chess that started in China .
Xiangqi is a chess game for two people to play .
Each player has 16 pieces to move on the board .
Each kind of piece has different rules to move .
Xiangqi is a chess game for two persons to play .
Each player has 16 pieces to move on one board .
Every kind of piece has different rule to move .
He is regarded as the first Democratic Party President of the United States .
Woodrow Wilson was elected against a divided opposition in 1912 .
He led the USA to victory in World War I.
Roosevelt was one of the greatest and most popular Presidents of all time and he is the only one who has ever won four terms in office .
Democrats wrote many historic laws such as the Social Security Act of 1933 and the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .
Democrats have not had a majority of seats in the House or Senate since the election of 1994 .
Every four years the party holds a National Convention where they agree on their candidate for President .
He renamed his party the Democratic Party because he believed in democracy rather than republicanism .
He is considered the first Democratic Party President of the United States .
Woodrow Wilson was elected against a divided opposition in 1912 and led the USA to victory in World War I.
Roosevelt was one of the greatest and most popular Presidents of all time and he is the only one to ever win four terms in office .
Democrats are responsible for many historic laws such as the Social Security Act of 1933 and the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .
Democrats have not formed a majority in the House or Senate since the election of 1994 .
Every four years the party holds a National Convention where they nominate their candidate for President .
Jefferson first called his party the Republican Party because it believed the USA should be a republic instead of a direct democracy .
He is called the first President of the United States from the modern Democratic Party .
Woodrow Wilson was elected over two Republican candidates in 1912 .
Roosevelt was one of the best and most popular Presidents of all time and he is the only one who has ever won four terms in office .
Democrats wrote many important laws such as the Social Security Act of 1933 and the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .
He is regarded as the first Democratic Party President of the United States .
Woodrow Wilson was elected against a divided opposition in 1912 .
Roosevelt was one of the greatest and most popular Presidents of all time and he is the only one who has ever won four terms in office .
Democrats wrote many historic laws such as the Social Security Act of 1933 and the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .
Isaac Newton made them .
Isaac Newton made them .
Isaac Newton noticed them .
Cheney is from Wyoming and an active hunter .
Cheney is from Wyoming and a keen hunter .
In 2006 he shot his friend by mistake .
But feelings are really sensed in the brain .
The human heart has four chambers or closed spaces .
But feelings come from the brain .
The human heart has four chambers .
Here chamber means a closed space .
People sometimes talk about the heart as the place responsible for feelings .
This is why love is shown as a heart .
But feelings are really sensed in the brain .
The heart only helps us feel by giving blood to the brain .
In the 8th century BC the Greeks learned how to read and write .
In 8th century BC the Greeks learned how to read and write .
People catch malaria when a parasite enters the blood .
Some people do not get malaria from mosquitoes .
Another way people can catch malaria is by using a needle that someone with the disease used before them .
People get malaria when a parasite gets in the blood .
Only the female mosquito gives people malaria .
A few people do not get malaria from mosquitoes .
People can also get it from using a needle that someone else used first .
The artery is thicker than the vein and capillary .
And also to Dravid and Orissa and Bengal .
It is also sung by waves of the sea .
We pray for your blessings and sing your praise .
We look forward to your best wishes .
And we wish Victory for you .
Of the Dravid and Orissa and Bengal .
They pray for your blessing and sing your praise .
The law continued .
The killing of homosexuals and that this still happened after WWII is the secret story of the Holocaust .
It is in respect for those who died .
Homosexuality was illegal in Nazi Germany under a law called Paragraph 175 .
In this law it was a felony .
Some were castrated .
Then Seel had to watch an the Nazis let German Shepherds maul his lover to death .
But after World War II the tragedy did not end for homosexual men in Germany .
The law stayed in place .
The killing of homosexuals and that this still happened after WWII is the secret story of the holocaust .
It is in respect for our dead .
Learning English is what people do when they want to learn how to speak and listen to the English language .
People who want to learn English to speak and listen usually also learn to read and write at the same time .
A lot of people also want to spend their own personal time to learn English .
An example of this type of leaning is at the classes organised by the British Council .
Here is their website .
A popular way to learn English in the modern world is to make use of the internet where there are many websites that can help learners .
Questions are answered quickly even with help from volunteer teachers from all over the world .
Sometimes dildos are shaped differently to provide better stimulation .
A Dildo is an which some women put into their vagina .
Sometimes dildos are shaped different to provide better stimulation .
Proteins are made from amino acids .
There are twenty different amino acids that are used to build millions of different protein molecules .
Proteins are made from amino acids .
There are twenty amino acids in each protein molecule .
The principle of bioinformatics is that everything making up these molecules can be studied by studying the DNA in it and therefore find out more about how it work .
Mostly focusing on molecules like DNA .
Biochemists today are trying to answer these questions about every single cell in the body .
The cremasteric muscle is part of the spermatic cord .
This is called the cremasteric reflex .
This is because of the differences in the testicles .
This is believed to be an evolutionary development to keep the testicles from hitting one another .
Testicular size compared to the weight of the body varies a lot .
Production of testicle output is also larger in the polygamous animal .
To some extent it is possible to change the size of the testicles .
The testicles are known to be very sensitive to impact and injury .
This has been a big source of humor for jokes and comedy routines .
Balls and nuts are slang words for testicles .
They hang in the scrotum .
They hang by the spermatic cord .
This is because making sperm works better at a temperature some lower than the temperature of the body .
Scientists call making sperm spermatogenesis .
This pulls the testicle closer to the body .
So how close the testicles are to the body keeps them the right temperature .
This makes the testicles move away from the warm body .
Then they can be less warm .
The cremasteric reflex makes the testicles the right temperature .
Stress can also make the cremasteric reflex work .
If an animal fights it wants its testicles close to the body .
This is to make the testicles safe .
So evolution made the cremasteric reflex happen in fights .
The cremasteric reflex happens during orgasm .
It is normal for one testicle is lower then the other .
It is normal for the lower testicle to be the left testicle .
Scientists think this is from evolution .
They think it is so one testicles does not hit the other one .
This is because of the differences in the testicles .
This is believed to be an evolutionary development to keep the testicles from hitting one another .
What do testicles do ?
Testicles are like the ovaries in women .
They are called homologous .
This means they come from the same thing or they look some the same .
Testicles are part of two organ systems .
An organ system is a group of organs in an organism that work together .
Testicles are in the reproductive system .
The reproductive system lets us make babies .
Testicles are in the endocrine system .
They are in the endocrine system because they are endocrine glands .
Endocrine means something that is made by cells and released into the blood or tissue .
In endocrine glands hormones are released .
Both purposes are controlled by gonadotropic hormones .
The outside of the testicle is the tunica albuginea .
This is a hard white coat .
Inside are very small tubes called the seminiferous tubules .
Inside the tubes are a layer of cells .
These cells make sperm cells .
This happens after a boy starts puberty .
The seminiferous tubules go into the epididymis .
This is where new sperm cells mature .
Then they go into the vas deferens .
This is the tube that brings sperm to the urethra .
The hole from the vas deferens to the urethra is the ejaculatory duct .
The part of the urethra they go into is called the prostatic urethra .
The prostate is a gland that makes liquid that the sperm goes in .
The prostate also has muscles that push the sperm and fluid into the urethra .
This makes a man ejaculate which is when white fluid comes out of his penis with sex .
This is called having sexual intercourse with her .
The testicles also make male hormones .
Cells between the seminiferous tubules make androgens like testosterone .
These cells are called interstitial cells .
Testicles can be very big or very small .
In mammals testicles are bigger in animals who have many sex partners .
Having many sex partners is called being polygamous .
Animals that have only one sex partner at a time are monogamous .
More sperm is made by animals that are polygamous .
Most men have testicles that are the same size .
In men normal testicles are from 14 cm to 35 cm .
They are many different sizes .
The doctor picks the one that is the size of the testicle .
Doctors know what size the orchidometer is .
Then they know the size of the testicle .
Then these lengths are used to calculate the volume .
Sometimes the size of the testicles changes .
Giving a man testosterone will make them smaller .
This is because the testicles do not have to work to make testosterone .
Making testicles more warm than usual can make them smaller .
When testicles are warm they make less sperm .
So if they are warm they get smaller .
Giving a man some hormones from the pituitary can make testicles bigger .
The pituitary hormones are called gonadotropins .
They are hormones that tell the testicles to make sperm and testosterone .
Testicular size compared to the weight of the body varies a lot .
Production of testicle output is also larger in the polygamous animal .
To some extent it is possible to change the size of the testicles .
Testicles can be hurt very much if they are hit .
This is something people make jokes about .
There are many slang words for testicles .
Slang words are other names that are less formal .
People use slang words for testicles to mean brave or not having fear .
This means he is brave .
Inflammation of the testicles .
Fluid around a testicle .
Inflammation of the epididymis .
Spermatic cord torsion .
This is also called testicular torsion .
It means when the cord the testicle hangs from twists .
Varicocele happens more on the left .
When a doctor removes a testicle it is called an orchidectomy .
It is also called an orchidectomy when a doctor removes both testicles .
This is also called castration .
They did this so the boys voices would not change .
These boys were called castrato .
Their voices stayed high .
If a man loses a testicle doctors can help .
Doctors can put in a testicular prosthesis .
This is a false testicle .
It is put in the scrotum .
It looks and feels like a testicle .
He also does not have enough testosterone .
The testicles are known to be very sensitive to impact and injury .
This has been a big source of humor for jokes and comedy routines .
There are other names for testicle .
These are sometimes vulgar .
This means from common people .
Scientists believe evolution made the cremasteric reflex happen in fights for this reason .
It is normal for one testicle to be lower than the other .
It is normal for the left testicle to be the lower testicle .
So evolution made the cremasteric reflex happen in fights .
It is normal for one testicle is lower then the other .
It is normal for the lower testicle to be the left testicle .
This means they come from the same thing or they look the same .
This means they come from the same thing or they look some the same .
The outside of the testicle is the .
Nearly all men have one testicle that hangs lower than the other one .
It can be either the left or the right that hangs lower .
Scientists think this may be so that they do n't hit against each other .
Nearly all men have one testicle that hangs lower than the other one .
It can be either the left or the right that hangs lower .
Scientists think this may be so that they do n't hit against each other .
The outside of the testicle is the tunica albuginea .
Nearly all men have one testicle that hangs lower than the other one .
The left testicle usually descends first and this may affect which one hangs lower .
They serve what many people think is the best coffee ever .
They serve what many people think is best coffee ever .
It is frequently used for TV shows .
Several groups work to make society more accepting of pedophiles .
Several groups advocate the acceptance of pedophiles by society .
Supporters say that children 's bodies are different enough from adults ' bodies for a pedophile 's attractions to be considered different .
Supporters say that children are physically different enough from adults for a pedophile 's attractions to be considered different .
Several groups want to make society more accepting of pedophiles .
Other groups such as Perverted Justice oppose online pedophiles and help police arrest adults trying to solicit sex with children .
Around half of the people who commit child sexual abuse against strangers also abuse their own children .
There currently seem to be no studies that tell how common the condition is .
Is Pedophilia a Mental Disorder ?
The structure of erotic preference in the nondeviant male .
Behavior Therapy .
The female child as a surrogate object .
Archives of Sexual Behavior .
In 1989 Briere and Runtz conducted a study on 193 male undergraduate students concerning pedophilia .
A study by Hall et al .
Less research is available regarding pedophilia 's occurrence in females .
A pedophile has a mental disorder called pedophilia .
Some people with pedophilia act out their sexual desires and have sex with children or use children in a sexual way .
This is called child sexual abuse .
Some pedophiles are sexually attracted to children but do not take action on their feelings to abuse children .
Medical researchers do not know how many people in the population are pedophiles .
This is because it is hard to study the feelings that go on inside people unless they also do behavior that shows that they have those feelings .
A person is only a pedophile if they are sexually attracted to children .
The current approach to deal with pedophiles tries to change the behavior of the pedophile .
A person who is a pedophile has a mental disorder called pedophilia .
But some pedophiles have those feelings but do not take action on the feelings to abuse a child .
The current apporach to deal with pedophiles tries to change the behavior of the pedophile .
Some people with pedophilia have sex with children or use children in a sexual way .
Some adults have pedophile feelings but do not act by sexually abusing children .
This is because it is hard to study people 's feelings and desires unless they actually show that they have those feelings .
Some people with pedophilia act out their sexual desires and have sex with children or use children in a sexual way .
Some adults have pedophile feelings but do not act on these feelings by sexually abusing children .
This is because it is hard to study the feelings that go on inside people unless they also do behavior that shows that they have those feelings .
Some pedophiles enjoy sexually abusing children .
Often a child is sexually abused by an adult or teenager who is someone that the child knows and is not a stranger .
Some pedophiles enjoy using sexual abuse of children as a type of cruelty .
Often a child is sexually abused by an adult or teenager who is someone that the child knows personally and is not a stranger .
Often a child is sexually abused by an adult or teenager who is someone that the child knows and is not a stranger .
Forming bauxite demands intense weathering conditions with very good drainage .
This enables dissolution of kaolinite and precipitation of gibbsite .
Zones with highest aluminum content are frequently located below a ferruginous surface layer .
The aluminum hydroxide in the lateritic bauxite deposits is almost exclusively gibbsite .
Ingots are usually thought of as gold .
Sometimes doctors can diagnose a sickness by asking the person questions and looking at the person 's body .
Sometimes doctors can diagnose a disease by asking the person questions and looking at the person 's body .
The True Jesus Church was started during the early 20th century .
The True Jesus Church was born from the first Pentecostal wave of Christianity that arrived from North America to China during the early 20th century .
It is an independent Church .
It split from the Pentecostal movement in China .
The pentecostal movement is an evangelical movement within Christianity .
Currently their churches are found in forty two countries and six continents .
Currently their churches are found in forty two countries and six continents with at least one and a half million members .
Be united as one in Christ .
What is the Holy Spirit ?
Why do we need the Holy Spirit ?
How to receive the Holy Spirit ?
Suddenly they miraculously received the Holy Spirit and began speaking in tongues .
From that time onwards many people volunteered to preach the good news of the Holy Spirit overseas .
Their aims were to spread the gospel to the whole world before Jesus ' Second Coming .
Their members also include Tibetans and Uyghurs and Mongolians .
Homer is one of the most popular and famous fictional characters and is thought of as one of the greatest comedic animated characters of modern times .
Homer is one of the most popular and famous fictional characters by many people and is sometimes called as one of the greatest comedic animated characters of modern times .
Finlayson created the term as a form of lesser profanity to replace the word !
Finlayson created the term as a form of lesser profanity to replace for the word !
Homer Simpson is a cartoon character in the animated television series The Simpsons .
He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta .
Homer Simpson is a fictional character in the animated television show The Simpsons voiced by Dan Castellaneta .
Homer is also named after Matt Groening 's father .
The spoken word D'oh is a trademark of 20th Century Fox .
Finlayson created the term as a form of lesser profanity to replace the word !
The show 's creator Matt Groening thought that it would better fit the timing of the animation if the phrase was spoken faster so Castellaneta shortened it to D'oh !
He has played central roles in the Simpsons Comics series .
A book written about Homer 's personality and characteristics has been published and is available in many bookstores .
Homer is very fat and lazy .
He is also an alcoholic .
He works as Safety Insepector of the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant .
Calcium compounds are also important in chemistry .
Calcium compounds is also important in chemistry .
A Series of Unfortunate Events is a series of thirteen books written for children by Lemony Snicket .
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
This page has been vandalized !
A Series of Unfortunate Events is a series of thirteen books written for children by Lemony Snicket .
The main villain of the books is Count Olaf who wants to steal the money that the Baudelaires got when their parents were killed in a fire at their home .
Count Olaf uses many disguises to get their fortune .
Missouri is one of the fifty states in the United States .
Missouri 's edges touch a total of eight states .
Missouri is a state in the United States .
Missouri 's border touches a total of eight states .
It does not have 4 wheels like a car .
It has 2 wheels like a bicycle .
But it has a motor like a car .
They are mammals and rodents .
That is Latin for little pig .
They are mammals .
Their scientific name is Cavia porcellus .
They are also called cavies .
Porcellus is Latin for little pig .
Guinea Pigs are not pigs .
Guinea Pigs are not from Guinea .
It was first made by ancient Turks .
It was first produced by ancient Turks .
The lactose in the milk becomes lactic acid when it is fermented .
Lactic acid acts on the protein in the milk to make yoghurt thick and sour .
Yoghurt made from cow 's milk is called dairy yoghurt .
It is produced using a culture of Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp .
The milk is heated to about 80 C to kill any bad bacteria and to change the milk proteins so that they set together instead of becoming curds .
Soy yoghurt is made from soy milk .
Ahmet Toprak 's article The letter was used to be written as gh when people translated the Turkish language .
In Australia and New Zealand yoghurt is the main .
Bruce Moore .
Oxford Reference Online .
Retrieved 24 May 2007 .
Tony Deverson .
Oxford University Press 2004 .
Oxford Reference Online .
Retrieved 24 May 2007 .
The Cambridge Guide to English Usage .
The earliest yoghurts were probably made by wild bacteria and happened by chance .
Both texts mention the word yoghurt in different sections and describe how it was used .
Francis I suffered from a serious diarrhoea which no French doctor could cure .
The grateful French king spread around the information about the food which had cured him .
A Sephardic Jewish entrepreneur named Isaac Carasso industrialized the production of yoghurt .
Yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
It was first made by ancient Turks .
Galician is a Romance language that started on the old part of the Roman Empire called Gallaecia .
Galician is a Romance Language that started on the old part of the Roman Empire called Gallaecia .
This name helps people know which family a person is in .
Many people also have a name which is chosen just for that person .
A person 's given name can be chosen in different ways .
Some people have a given name that is the same as another person in the family .
A person 's name might change when the person has a marriage .
Usually these are the two parts of name many of us have .
Since then the popularity of names never waned .
In naming practices everywhere some customs have developed over the centuries .
He died in Cairo as a judge in 1406 .
The Arabs believe Khaldun is the founder of sociology .
Ibn Khaldun was one of the greatest writers of Islam in the Middle Ages .
He passed away in Cairo as a judge in 1406 .
No doubt Ibn Khaldun was one of the greatest writers of medieval Islam .
A nerve is a group of special nerve cells grouped together in parallel .
A nerve is group of special nerve cells grouped together in parallel .
Recording companies often spend a lot of time and money in discovering new or developing the talent of artists they already have signed up with a contract .
Recording companies often invest a lot of time and money in discovering new talent or developing the talent of artists already under contract .
Using it makes smaller computer files containing digital music and other sounds .
These things can not be recovered .
The guy 's ear can not hear some sounds if they are covered by other sounds .
They think it is a bad thing of their ownership of their songs .
The record industries have a trade group called the RIAA that has taken people to the judge for sharing music .
Using it makes smaller computer files containing digitized music and other sounds .
The format is a lossy compression format .
This information can not be recovered .
The human ear can not hear certain sounds if they are masked by other sounds .
They think it is a violation of their copyright .
The record industries have a trade group called the RIAA that has taken people to court for sharing music .
Albinism is a condition some people and animals are born with .
A person or animal with albinism is called an Albino .
Albinos in reality do have some problems including sight problems and skin problems .
These people originally came from Europe .
These people orignally came from Europe .
Martin Van Buren 's wdnt to school at the academy in the village where he lived .
He worked in Later he was placed in the law office of Francis Sylvester .
He became a lawyer .
In 1821 he became a senator for the United States Senate .
He lost in the next presidential elections in 1840 .
He died in 1862 .
Later he was placed in the law office of Francis Sylvester .
Presumably through this exposure to the legal profession a young apprentice could learn enough law to gain admission to the practice of law .
There has been a of controversy about these games .
PlayStation Portable is Sony 's first game console to be a handheld .
It was first talked about in 2003 at E3 and then next year its first design was shown off .
PlayStation Portable is Sony 's first games console to be a handheld .
To get music and pictures onto the PSP a special USB cable can send the files to it .
Some people feel very strongly about abortion .
They have done this because they think that a fetus or embryo is as important as a baby .
Many people do not think that a fetus or embryo is as important as a baby .
Some people feel very strong about abortion .
They think this is good because they think that a fetus or embryo is as important as a baby .
But many people do not think that a fetus or embryo is as important as a baby .
Some people share this opinion .
Many people hold the American Medical Association 's view that a fetus or embryo is not the same as a baby .
There are two types of abortions .
A spontaneous abortion is when the fetus or embryo dies inside the womb .
This is also called a miscarriage .
An induced abortion is when a person does something to end the life of the fetus or embryo .
The pregnancy is only a few days or weeks old and the woman believes the miscarriage is just her menses .
Abortion is when a pregnancy is ended early not resulting in the birth of a child .
Doctors say there are two kinds of abortions .
A spontaneous abortion is when the fetus or embryo dies and comes out on its own .
But many of these women do not even know they are pregnant .
The pregnancy is only a few weeks old .
A pregnancy that ends before this time and where no child is born is called Abortion .
A pregnancy that ends before this time and where no child is born are called Abortion .
The number of induced abortions done are different for different parts of the world .
This is also true for the reasons why women decide to have an abortion .
The incidence and reasons for induced abortion vary regionally .
It has been estimated that approximately 46 million abortions are performed worldwide every year .
The world ratio is 26 induced abortions per 100 known pregnancies .
Worries about the stability of the relationship with their partner .
Feeling that they were not yet mature enough to have a child .
A 2004 study in which American women at clinics answered a questionnaire yielded similar results .
There is a hypothesis that induced abortion raises the risk of getting breast cancer .
The hypothesis mechanism was first proposed and explored in rat studies conducted in the 1980s .
The study analyzed data from dozens of medical reports and other studies .
The researchers concluded that unborn children are unlikely to feel pain until the third trimester of pregnancy .
His songs include Born to Run and Born in the USA .
His songs include Born to Run and Born in the USA .
They may not even be found until the child is in puberty or is an adult .
The most common condition that causes intersexuality is Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia .
This is a condition that causes female fetuses to look male .
The female fetuses have genitals that look male .
When these people become adults some of them are very unhappy about the surgeries because they do not identify with the gender people chose for them .
Some people who had surgery to make them look female have a male gender identity .
Some people who had surgery to make them look male have a female gender identity .
There are some intersex conditions where the gender identity is usually one way .
But it is not easy to tell with some intersex conditions .
Some people also believe that transgender is a kind of intersex .
Doctors sometimes can not tell if an intersexual baby is a boy or a girl .
Many intersexed people do not like to be called hermaphrodites .
Most of these are genetic conditions .
People with these conditions have a gene that works differently .
The most common condition that causes intersex is Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia .
This is a condition that causes female fetuses to look some male .
The cause is an enzyme that makes hormones in the adrenal gland .
So the female fetuses have genitals that look male .
They may have a penis instead of a clitoris .
They may have a scrotum instead of labia .
Doctors and parents may not even see that the baby is intersexed .
They may just think the baby is a boy .
But the baby has female chromosomes .
How many intersexed people are there ?
They may not even be found until the child is in puberty or is an adult .
This was done by surgery to make babies ' genitals look only male or female .
They believed that babies would have many problems if they did not have genitals that looked only male or female .
Most babies had surgery to make them look female .
This was because surgery to make them look female is an easier thing to do .
When these people became adults some of them were very unhappy that doctors did surgery on them .
Some of them do not identify with the sex that was chosen for them .
People who had surgery to make them look female may have a male gender identity .
Some intersexed people are also unhappy because their genitals may not function right .
There are other intersexed people who are happy with the surgery they had .
They think that if they had to be children with genitals that did not look like a boy or a girl it would have been bad .
If they knew this it would be very easy .
There are some intersex diseases where the gender identity is usually one way .
But some intersex diseases it is not easy to tell .
They say we should wait until the baby is older .
Some people even say LGBTI to include intersex people .
Some intersex people say they are not transgender or in the LGBT community .
Some people who are transgender also believe that transgender is a kind of intersex .
They believe that transgender people have brains that are physically like the other sex .
The gastrointestinal system is the body system that eats and digests food .
It also gets rid of waste after digestion .
It is famous as a destination and an agricultural region .
It is famous as a resort destination and an agricultural region .
Another is being built in Cathedral City .
Rugby football is a sport that people play in the UK .
Rugby football is a kind of sport that people play in the UK .
This sort of thinking was important in the English civil war .
After the war the Philosopher John Locke argued that people should have these rights and was one of the first people to call them human rights .
The United States ' and France 's constitutions are two of the oldest places human rights are made in laws .
This sort of thinking was important in the English civil war After the war the Philosopher John Locke argued that people should have these rights and was one of the first people to call them human rights .
In the 19th century John Stuart Mill was an important philosopher who thought about human rights .
The United States ' and France 's constitutions were two of the oldest places human rights are made in laws .
Semen is the liquid that comes out of a man 's penis when he orgasms .
He can do this either by sex or masturbating .
This fluid is usually a cloudy white .
Sperm remains relatively immobile within this clot .
It is not uncommon to see a yellowish tint to the semen if you 've abstained from ejaculation for a while .
An ejaculation contains 40 million to 600 million sperm .
This fluid is usually a cloudy white .
Semen tastes salty and smells like chlorinated pool water .
Sperms remain relatively immobile within this clot .
Semen is usually a white fluid which gets yellowish if it is left for a while after the ejaculation .
Semen tastes salty and smells like chlorinated pool water .
Sperm remains relatively immobile within this clot .
It is not uncommon to see a yellowish tint to the semen if you 've abstained from ejaculation for a while .
An ejaculation contains 40 million to 600 million sperm .
Semen tastes salty and smells like chlorinated pool water .
Studies have shown that their semen can cause swallower instant mental clarity and insight .
The Klan was scared that the population in the South could loose their democratic rights .
The KKK tried to deny their human rights by burning crosses or threatening them .
The Klan was a large problem .
The Ku Klux Klan is an organization which was originally founded in the South of the USA after the Civil War in America to protest against the new government .
The Ku Klux Klan was forbidden in 1871 and many members were imprisoned then .
In 1920 growing economic problems caused the Klan to get much bigger .
The Klan killed many blacks .
These were not legal executions .
There was no law trial .
This is a kind of terrorism .
The KKK used fear to control African Americans and take away their human rights .
In the middle of the 20 's the Klan got smaller because bad leaders and so much violence .
When the Supreme Court ruled that the separation of blacks and whites on schools is against the American Constitution the Klan became bigger and stronger .
The KKK began again to attack and threaten black people .
In the latest years the Klan still burns down churches where black people go .
In the summer of 1964 Edgar Ray Killen killed three African Americans that participated in the Civil Rights Movement .
Killen was a member of the Ku Klux Klan .
In 1988 a movie was made which talked about the events of this case .
In 2005 there was another trail .
In 1915 the Klan was founded for a second time .
In 1920 the growing economic problems caused a big growing of the Klan .
The KKK proclaimed the White supremacy again and again .
In the middle of the 20 's the Klan got smaller according to bad leaders and high violence .
But when the Supreme Court decided that the separation of blacks and whites on schools is against the American Constitution the Klan began again to discriminate and attack black people .
He was a member of the Ku Klux Klan .
In 1988 a movie was released which picked up the stuff of this case .
In this year there was again a trial and the now 80 years old Killen was sentenced to prison sentence of 60 years .
The people from the north of the USA were stealing from the good people in the south and were using african americans to do it .
The KKK tried to do this without hurting anybody by burning crosses or threatening them .
The Klan was a large group .
The Klan killed many blacks because blacks ganged up on white people .
This is a kind of vigilantism .
The KKK used fear to control African Americans and take away their evil thoughts .
The KKK tried to deny their human rights by burning crosses or threatening them .
The Klan was a large problem .
The Klan killed many blacks .
This is a kind of terrorism .
The KKK used fear to control African Americans and take away their human rights .
This was after the American Civil War .
It was made to protest against the new government .
The Klan acted against black people .
Republicans were also targets of attacks by the clan .
The KKK tried to scare people by burning crosses or by threatening them .
This was in 1865 .
The KKK tried to deny their human rights by burning crosses or threatening them .
Many people consider crackers to be a delicious snack .
A cracker is also a slang term for a person of caucasian descent .
Doctors who do surgeries are called surgeons .
Doctors who study surgery are called surgeons .
Almost any kind of topping can be put onto a pizza .
The toppings people use is different in different parts of the world .
The toppings people use are different in different parts of the world .
The toppings people use is different in different parts of the world .
Pizza is a type of food .
Almost any kind of topping can be put onto a pizza .
The toppings people use are different in different parts of the world .
Pepperoni is a meat food that is sometimes sliced very thinly and put on pizza .
They believe heaven is where people will go after they die if they have been good .
They believe hell is a punishment for being bad .
Ideas of Heaven and Hell are not the same in all religions .
Heaven meant sky when it was first used .
So the heavens is another way of saying the sky or outer space .
This was because early people believed that heaven was a physical place .
This place was located in the sky .
Heaven is a concept of the afterlife in many religions .
Those who believe in heaven say that it is a place that is perfect and is where people will go after they die if they have been good .
Ideas of Heaven and Hell are different from one religion to the next .
A button is a fastener that keeps your shirt closed .
A button is a picture on a computer monitor that is pressed with a mouse to make the computer do something .
One meaning is a little piece of material that keeps your shirt closed .
A button is a fastener that keeps your shirt or pants closed .
A button is a fastener that keeps your shirt closed .
This tends to make the computer perform its tasks more slowly .
This tends to make the computer perform it 's tasks more slowly .
Some people believe that life begins at conception .
Some people believe that life begins after a baby is born .
Some people think that life begins at conception .
Decision has many meanings .
A biologist is a scientist who studies biology .
A biologist is a person who studies biology .
Biologists study plants and animals .
There are many different kinds of biologists .
Some study fish and ocean plants .
They are called marine biologists .
Others study very small bacteria or viruses .
Other scientists study groups of animals .
People who look at DNA in cells are called geneticists .
She has appeared in the sitcom Ellen and is the host of The Ellen Degeneres Show .
She is a lesbian and her coming out caused a controversy among many people that watched her television show .
She is a lesbian and her coming out caused a controversy among many viewers of her television show .
Ball and chain is a slang term for a person 's .
Ball and chain is a slang term for a person 's spouse .
Something Awful is a really bad comedy website and forums .
People have to pay too much money to join the forums to talk with other people around the world .
Something Awful is a comedy website and forums .
People have to pay money to join the forums to talk with other people around the world .
Something Awful is a comedy website and forums .
Something Awful is a really bad comedy website and forums .
People have to pay money to join the forums to talk with other morons around the world .
People have to pay too much money to join the forums to talk with other people around the world .
People have to pay money to join the forums to talk with other people around the world .
People have to pay money to join the forums to talk with other morons around the world .
A nightclub is a space where people enjoy themselves .
They sometimes have dancing and usually serve alcoholic drinks .
They sometimes allow dancing and usually serve achoholic beverages .
Potassium is a silvery white metal that tarnishes in air and produces an oxidized layer on the surface and this is why it is stored in oil .
The Simpsons is an American television program that is an animated comedy .
One of the most colorful turtles is the eastern painted turtle .
It has a yellow plastron and a black or olive shell with red markings around the rim .
One of the most colorful turtles is the eastern painted turtle which includes a yellow plastron and a black or olive shell with red markings around the rim .
They are believed to be almost as smart as a human .
A dolphin 's nose is on top of its head so the dolphin can easily breathe on the surface of the water .
They are believed to be very smart .
Their nose on top of the head to be easy to breathe on the surface of the water .
Dolphins are mammals of the order Cetacea .
Tajikistan is a very small country in central Asia .
It is west of China .
Tajikistan is a long way away from the sea .
It is in the middle of the continent of Asia .
The Pamir Mountains are in the south of the country .
The climate there is semiarid to polar .
There are other countries within the mountain range .
The mountains are between 3600 to 4400m high .
It is slightly smaller than Wisconsin in The United States .
In the year 1991 Tajikistan became independent .
At the end of the war the government was ruled by the Fundamentalists .
Tajikistan is a President 's Republic .
The capital is Dushanbe .
Once Tajikistan was even part of the empire of Alexander the Great .
I think I will spare you by telling you unimportant things as the internet sign and so on .
The climate has hot summers and mild winters .
There are other countries within the mountain range .
Then the Opposition to armed themselves .
After this bloody civil war broke out .
Tajikistan is a republic .
There are other countries within the mountains range .
After all this bloody civil war broke out .
Tajikistan is a President 's Republic .
It later became a part of the Soviet Union .
Then the Opposition armed themselves .
Then the Opposition to armed themselves .
Fear is the body 's way of protecting itself from possibly dangerous situations .
Bullets have many uses but are mostly used as a weapon in war and for shooting targets as a sport .
Bullets are used for many methods but mostly as a weapon in war and for shooting targets as a sport .
Bullets can be used to kill people .
Others believe that evolution alone created life .
Other believe that evolution alone created life .
These people are called atheists .
This is because evolution says that all today 's living things came about from simple organisms changing slowly over time .
Creationists say that this and other things are not enough .
Scientists and the United States courts say that creationism is not science .
The National Center for Science Education 's collection of statements by scientific societies in support of evolution .
Most of them explicitly reject creationism .
Many scholars say that Genesis is a corrupted version of God 's message .
This allows for more interpretation .
The beginner clarinet player usually can play a note within the first ten minutes of instruction as sound production is relatively easy to other musical instruments .
The beginner clarinet player usually can play a note within the first ten minutes of instruction .
The body of the clarinet is a cylindrical tube with holes .
The body of the clarinet is a tube with holes .
The reed is attached to the mouthpiece with a piece of tape usually made out of plastic .
The fingering system is very similar to the flute and the saxophone so changing from playing the clarinet to one of these instruments can be made with relative ease after the student has mastered a certain comfort level on the clarinet .
The reed is attached to the mouthpiece with a peice of tape usually made out of plastic .
The fingering system is very similar to the flute and the saxophone so transition to these instruments can be made with relative ease after the student has mastered a certain comfort level on the clarinet .
A beginner clarinet player usually can play a note within the first ten minutes of instruction .
Making a sound with the clarinet is easier than making a sound with many other musical instruments .
Most instrumental music teachers consider it to be a good instrument for young players .
Blowing through the mouthpiece makes the reed shake and therefore makes the noise .
The beginner clarinet player usually can play a note within the first ten minutes of instruction as sound production is relatively easy compared to other musical instruments .
It is considered by most instrumental music teachers a good instrument for a young player .
The fingering system is very similar to the flute and the saxophone so changing from playing the clarinet to one of these instruments can be made with relative ease after the student has mastered a certain comfort level on the clarinet .
The Clarinet is much harder to play than the saxophone .
The lute is a kind of musical instrument with strings .
The first lutes were brought to Spain by the Moors .
Others may have been brought to Europe from Arabic lands .
Early lutes had four strings or eight sets of two strings .
These strings were called frets .
It has a beautifully carved hole in the center which is called the rose .
The lute was at first played by strumming or plucking with a pick .
Later they were played with the fingers alone .
Most lutes at this time had seven or eight sets of strings .
New kinds of lutes were invented .
One new kind of lute made in the Renaissance was the theorbo .
Another kind was the archlute .
In European classical music the lute was changed into the harpsichord and the mandolin .
Some versions may offer more programs and some versions cost less than others .
Microsoft Access is a database program where people can store data over many tables .
Microsoft Publisher is a program that lets people make layouts for newsletters and presentations to print .
After that he learned he had cancer .
Measuring objects using triangles is called Trigonometry .
Some people have spent their entire lives studying triangles for use in trigonometry .
Modern computers usually use triangles to make more complex graphic images or shapes .
An equilateral triangle is also a regular polygon with all angles measuring 60 .
Special right triangles are right triangles with additional properties that make calculations involving them easier .
Triangles that do not have an angle that measures 90 are called oblique triangles .
The three angles of a triangle always add up to 180 degrees .
The three angles of a triangle add to 180 degrees .
There are many reasons why some people do not like feminism .
Some people do not like feminism because they think that women are already equal in the law .
Some say that feminism wants women to be more important than men .
Other people do not like feminism because it wants to change society and it could make men have less power .
There are people who do not like feminism because they think it gives people rights that hurt other people or their rights .
And they have made a social group on the outside of society that does not like men and wants to take over men 's power .
Some people do not like feminism because it wants to change society and may reduce the power of men .
Some people do not like feminism because they think that women are already equal or more important in the law .
Some people do not like feminism because it wants to change society and it could make men have less power .
There are many reasons why some people do not like feminism .
Some people do not like feminism because they think that women are already equal in the law .
Other people do not like feminism because it wants to change society and it could make men have less power .
And they have made a social group on the outside of society that does not like men and wants to take over men 's power .
Its metropolitan area makes it the largest urban division in the state .
Cleveland is one of the important industrial centers of the United States .
Its metropolitan area makes it the urban division in the state .
Cleveland is one of the important industrial centres of the United States .
Dentition is the development of teeth and where the teeth are in the mouth .
Mammals that have different types of teeth are called heterodont .
Animals that have baby teeth and adult teeth are called diphyodont .
Dentition is important to people who study history .
This is even more important if they are studying older things .
Dentition is the development of teeth and their arrangement in the mouth .
The number of teeth of each type is written as a dental formula .
In many mammals the children have a set of teeth that fall out and are replaced by adult teeth .
Normally the formula for milk teeth is the same as for adult teeth except that the molars are missing .
The kitten has 26 teeth .
This means that the carnassials are always the fourth upper premolar and the first lower molar .
Dentition affords many advantages over studying the rest of the skeleton itself osteometry .
The rest of the skeleton is much more likely to exhibit change because of adaptation .
The White House is the official residence and principal workplace of the President of the United States .
Construction continued with the addition of the South Portico in 1824 and the North in 1829 .
The term White House is regularly used as a metonym for the Executive Office of the President of the United States and for the president 's administration and advisers in general .
The property is owned by the National Park Service and is part of the President 's Park .
The White House can refer to the home of the President of the United States of America .
The White House was burned in 1812 when USA and Britain were fighting .
It is the official residence of the President and his family during his term of office .
It 's also from here that the president helps run the country .
It is called the White House because it is white in color .
The White House is the home and main workplace of the President of the United States .
They made two colonnades that were meant to hide stables and storage .
The fire destroyed the inside of the house and much of the outside .
Reconstruction began almost immediately .
President James Monroe moved into the partially reconstructed house in October 1817 .
This was eventually moved as the section was expanded .
A newly built East Wing was used as a reception area for social events .
Jefferson 's colonnades connected the new wings .
East Wing changes were completed in 1946 .
These changes made more office space .
The White House is the official residence and principal workplace of the President of the United States .
But they 're not the same .
It also caused a crisis that was never experienced since the Great Depression of the 1930s .
The United States ' response was clearly disorderly .
The United states ' response was clearly disorderely .
The bass guitar or bass is a string instrument .
The bass guitar is shaped like an electric guitar except that it is longer than an electric guitar .
The bass guitar produces lower tones than the electric guitar .
The bass guitar was invented in the 1950s .
The double bass was big and heavy .
Musicians wanted a smaller and lighter instrument .
Inventors tried to think of ways of building a smaller and lighter bass instrument .
One of these inventors was a man named Leo Fender in the United States .
Leo Fender called the instrument the Fender Precision Bass .
Bass guitars are usually made out of wood .
The body is made out of wood .
A wooden fingerboard is then glued onto the neck .
Thin metal strips called frets are glued onto the fingerboard .
In the 1960s and 1970s some musicans took the frets off of their bass guitars .
Taking the frets off of a bass guitar changes the sound of the bass guitar .
A bass guitar without frets is called a fretless bass guitar .
Bass guitars with five or six strings can play a lower range of tones than a bass guitar with four strings .
Bass guitars also have magnetic pickups mounted on the body underneath the strings .
A musician plucks the strings with their fingers .
This makes the strings vibrate .
The magnetic pickups detect the vibrations .
The musician uses a volume control to make the sound loud or quiet .
The volume control is a knob that the musician rotates to make the sound of bass guitar loud or quiet .
The bass guitar produces sounds that are lower in pitch than the electric guitar .
The bass guitar is mostly made from wood .
It has a wooden body .
A wooden fingerboard is then glued onto the wooden neck .
Then thin metal strips called frets are glued onto the neck .
The magnetic pickups mounted on the body receive the vibrations from the metal strings when the musician plucks the strings .
The double bass was big and heavy .
One of these inventors was a man called Leo Fender in the United States .
Leo Fender called the instrument the Fender Precision Bass .
The first bass guitars from the 1950s had frets .
Frets are thin metal bars on the neck which are used to separate the notes .
Taking the frets off a bass guitar changes the sound of the bass guitar .
A bass guitar without frets is called a fretless bass guitar .
The first bass guitars had four metal strings .
Bass guitars with five or six strings can play a wider range of musical notes than a bass guitar with four strings .
The musician uses a volume control knob that is located on the body of the bass which a musician rotates to make the sound of a bass guitar loud or quiet .
The musician uses a volume control to make the sound loud or quiet .
The volume control is a knob that the musician rotates to make the sound of bass guitar loud or quiet .
Nepal is a very important pilgrimage place for both Hindus and Buddhists .
Nepali is the official language and there are many other regional languages .
English and Hindi are widely understood .
The capital city of Nepal is Kathmandu .
The second largest city is Pokhara .
Nepali is the official language and many other regional language .
English and Hindi is widely understood there .
The capital city of Nepal is Kathmandu also called the city of Temple .
Nepal is called one of the nicest travel destination because theres so many good things to see .
The money he raised from that tour went to help spinal cord injury research and parapelgic sports .
The money he raised from that tour went help to spinal cord injury research and parapelgic sports .
He still works and does charity to raise money awareness .
A privately accessible method only allows the object it belongs to to edit it .
This is used to give data security .
The int indentifier means that the return type is an integer value .
The programmer can run the code by calling the method .
A toolbox or toolkit is a box where a person stores tools .
You can find them where people work with tools like houses that are being built .
Toolbox box intend to store tools in .
Often find in working places and in computer programs .
Official standards now say 1 kilobyte is 1000 bytes .
One byte is equal to eight bits .
Byte is properly abbreviated as uppercase B .
One byte is eight bits .
Byte is most often written as B .
Sometimes b is used for byte .
The air going in and out of the mouth or nose when animals breathe is called the breath .
CO2 must be removed because it is a waste product and is too much CO2 is poisonous .
They married in 1977 .
She is the mother of Barbara and Jenna Bush .
He is known for writing scary books .
He is known for horror stories .
The picture on the right side shows a baby .
This is a picture of a baby girl .
The ancient Aztecs held the cactus to be very important .
Scientists became interested in them from the 17th century .
The cactus spread out of control and became an unpopular weed .
A bad effect of this has been the digging up of many rare cacti from the wild .
A more helpful effect has been the growth of exploration to find new species .
Economic exploitation of the cactus can also be traced back to the Aztecs .
The North American Indians exploit the alkaloid content of many cactuses for ritual purposes .
Particularly in South America dead pillar cactuses yield valuable wood for construction .
Some cactuses are also of pharmaceutical significance .
Scientific interest in them began in the 17th century .
The cactus spread out of control and became an bad weed .
From the start of the 20th century interest in cacti has grown .
A good effect has been more exploration to find new species .
Some countries have complex laws for species protection .
Scientists became interested in them from the 17th century .
The cactus spread out of control and became an unpopular weed .
A more helpful effect has been the growth of exploration to find new species .
Some countries have a rather contradictory attitude to species protection .
Cacti are commonly grown as pretty plants for the garden or as a houseplant .
They are often grown in dry areas and raised rockeries .
Cacti are not just grown for looks .
In South America the wood of dead pillar cacti are used for building .
The Native Americans of North America use cacti in rituals .
The Native Americans of North America use many cacti in rituals .
In South America The wood of dead pillar cacti are used for construction .
Cacti are commonly used for fencing material where there is a lack of either natural resources or financial means to construct a permanent fence .
This is known as a cactus fence .
Cellular respiration is what cells do to break up sugars into a form that the cell can use as energy .
This happens in plants and animals .
This occurs in plants as well as animals .
All cells use cellular respiration to create ATP to be used as energy .
Stop motion is a way of animation which makes it look like still objects are moving .
Stop motion is way of animation which makes it look like still objects are moving .
Most Libyans are muslims .
Their religion is mostly Islam .
Libya gets nearly all of its money from producing oil .
Its economy is growing fast .
Libya earns nearly all of its money from producing oil .
Its economy is growing very fast .
He received the Nobel Prize in 1979 because of this theory .
It also had many effects on the history of America and Britain .
It also had far reaching effects on the history of America and Britain .
England was also lucky that it had many of the raw materials needed to make and power the new machines close by within its borders .
It was also fortunate that it had many of the raw materials needed to make and power the new machines close by within its borders .
Many people began to move from a agricultural based life to the towns where the factories offered better paid work .
It built on a new spirit of studying things through science .
Living standards rose and people generally became richer and healthier and had more children who survived to be adults .
It replaced horses and human labor .
Slavery was finally ended in 1834 as machines eventually replaced the slaves .
The slaves now became salaried workers who were paid for their work .
That meant that the living standards rose and people generally became richer and healthier .
It replaced horses and human slavery .
They added to the move to the industrial towns where they sought out work in factories .
They added to the move to the industrial towns where they sought work in factories .
Vista needs at least 1 GB of RAM to run smoothly .
Vista needs a at least 1 GB of RAM to run smoothly .
MB of RAM to run on all computers .
Vista needs at least 512 MB of RAM to run on all computers .
Some new parts of Vista need 1 GB of RAM to work .
Windows Vista is the newest version of Microsoft Windows after Windows XP from Microsoft .
It has new things to prevent computer virus attacks and other problems that have been common with Windows .
Microsoft releases service packs to update software and fix problems .
Windows vista with service pack 2 is to be released on April 2009 .
Windows Vista is the most recent version of Microsoft Windows after Windows XP from Microsoft .
It has new things to prevent computer virus infections and other problems that have been common with Windows .
Microsoft release service packs to update software and fix problems .
One of the improvements in this service pack is performance .
The final release date will be dependent on feedback from the beta testing .
The press has reported that the next Windows Vista service pack will be released before Windows 7 in order to lessen confusion for customers who are undecided whether to deploy Vista or wait for Windows 7 .
The canlendar is simular to the bonzi buddy program .
Microsoft have said that windows vista can run older programs but there had been some compatibilty issues and a lot of companies had made a newer version of the program so that windows vista is supported .
Vista was released in November 2006 for manufacturing and janurary 30 2007 for home users .
The same release date of the two operating systems showed the merging of the workstation and server kernels back into a single code base for the first time since Windows 2000 .
The synchronized release date of the two operating systems reflected the merging of the workstation and server kernels back into a single code base for the first time since Windows 2000 .
The Federal Reserve interest rate is decided by the Board after studying the condition of the US Economy .
The Federal Reserve Board sets an interest rate related to economic conditions .
It was the 46th state to become part of the United States .
The people who live in the state are known as Oklahomans .
The state 's capital and largest city is Oklahoma City .
Most of Oklahoma is in the Great Plains .
It is regularly hit by severe weather .
That is more than any other state .
It is located in three main American cultural regions .
Choctaw Chief Allen Wright gave it that name in 1866 during treaty talks with the federal government about the use of Indian Territory .
It is one of six states on the Frontier Strip .
It is partly in the Great Plains near the center of the 48 continental states .
The state has a land area of about .
Oklahoma is the 28th largest state by population .
It is the 20th largest state by area .
The name of the state comes from the Choctaw words okla and humma .
It mean Red People .
The state has one of the fastest growing economies in the nation .
Oklahoma City and Tulsa are the main economic areas of Oklahoma .
Almost 60 percent of Oklahomans live in these two metropolitan statistical areas .
More than 25 Native American languages are spoken in Oklahoma .
This is more than in any other state .
Oklahoma has only been a state for a little over a century but its history is much longer .
Arrow heads from the Clovis Indians who traveled through Oklahoma have been found near Anadarko .
The tribes owned slaves .
They agreed with the ideas of the states that from the United States .
Some tribes had taken control of several forts .
This ended the Confederate control of Indian Territory .
The nickname came from the settlers who crossed the territory 's borders before the land was opened by the government .
They became the 46th state of the United States .
The oil pools found in the area caused the population of towns to grow very fast .
Tulsa became known as the Oil Capital of the World for most of the 20th century .
The oil was a large part of the state 's early economy .
The area had little rainfall and high temperatures .
This caused thousands of farmers to go into poverty and forced them to move to other parts of the United States .
This is the most in the United States .
It was a great success and was made into a movie in 1955 .
It was made the official song of the state in 1953 .
Many people think other people were involved .
McVeigh was later sentenced to death by lethal injection .
Nichols is spending the rest of his life in prison without the chance of parole .
The name Oklahoma comes from the Choctaw phrase okla humma .
Okla humma was a phrase in the Choctaw language that meant the same as the English word Indian .
It was used to describe the Native American people all together .
Oklahoma later became the de facto name for Oklahoma Territory .
The state is partly in the Great Plains near the center of the 48 continental states .
The lowest point is Little River east of Idabel in the southeast part of the state at above sea level .
There are four mountain ranges in Oklahoma .
All of the ranges are in the southern part of the state .
The state is also known for having more man made lakes than any other state in the country .
Oklahoma is in a temperate area of the country .
The state sometimes sees extreme temperatures and rain that is commonly found in a continental climate .
All of the state frequently has temperatures above or below .
It does snow in Oklahoma .
The southeastern part of the state usually gets less than in snowfall .
This is because there is a lot of contact between cold and warm air masses which makes severe weather .
Oklahoma has an average of 54 tornadoes each year .
This is one of the highest rates in the world .
The state is home to the National Storm Prediction Center of the National Weather Service .
It is located in Norman .
Oklahoma had 549 populated places in 2006 .
Two of the fifty largest cities in the United States are in Oklahoma .
They are Oklahoma City and Tulsa .
Oklahoma City is the state 's capital and largest city .
Oklahoma law says that populated areas are broken into two groups .
Towns are run through an elected officer system .
Tulsa is home to the Tulsa 66ers .
They are part the NBA Development League .
The NBA 's New Orleans Hornets became the first major league sports team to play in Oklahoma .
This happened after the team was forced to move to the Ford Center in Oklahoma City for two seasons after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
The team said they would play their games at the Ford Center under the new team name Oklahoma City Thunder .
They are the state 's first permanent major league team .
Oklahoma 's state symbols are recognized by state law .
The Oklahoma Senate or House of Representatives may add others for special events and to help organizations .
Oklahoma has only been a state for a little over a century but its history goes back much further .
The tribes owned slaves and were sympathetic the principles of the states that from the Union .
Also the tribes were unsatisfied with broken promises from the federal government .
However some tribes had taken several forts and thus much of the Territory was under Confederate influence .
Oklahoma did not become formally a Confederate state .
A year later the western part of the territory was turned into Oklahoma territory and the northeastern part that was home to the Five Civilized Tribes stayed under their control .
The finding of oil pools allowed the population of towns to grow very fast .
Tulsa in time became known as the Oil Capital of the World for most of the 20th century .
The oil contributed to much of the state 's early economy .
It was a great success and was made into a film in 1955 .
It was adopted as the official song of the state in 1953 .
It is partly in the Great Plains near the center of the 48 continental states .
The lowest point is Little River just east of Idabel in the southeast part of the state at 289 feet above sea level .
Oklahoma is in a temperate area of the country and sometimes sees extreme temperatures and rain usual found in a continental climate .
The southeastern part of the state may only receive less than in snowfall .
This is because there is a lot of contact between cold and warm air masses making severe weather .
The state is home to the National Storm Prediction Center of the National Weather Service in Norman .
The NBA 's New Orleans Hornets became the first major league sports team to play in Oklahoma after the team was forced to move to Oklahoma City 's Ford Center for two seasons after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
It snows in Oklahoma .
It does snow in Oklahoma .
It became a democracy in 2008 .
Since 1948 this unit is called Celsius .
He also determined with remarkable precision how water 's boiling point varied as a function of atmospheric pressure .
This pressure is known as one standard atmosphere .
Since 1948 this unit is called Celsus .
The term The Celsius or Centigrade thermometer was again used to refer to a particular type of thermometer at least as early as 1850 .
It gave Napoleon a reason to start a hereditary dynasty .
People of the French did n't see him as the monarch of the old regime because his holding a Roman position that has the glory related to it .
He invited Pope Pius VII to see his coronation at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris .
It gave Napoleon an excuse to established a hereditary dynasty .
People of the French did n't see him as the monarch of the old regime because his holding a Roman position that has the gloryattached to it .
He invited Pope Pius VII to preside over his coronation at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris .
Napoleon had no choice but to in favor of his son .
This was one year after the island was given to France by the Republic of Genoa .
He was named Napoleone di Buonaparte .
He took his first name from an uncle who had been killed fighting the French .
The Corsican Buonapartes were from lower Italian nobility .
They had come to Corsica in the 16th century .
Her firm education controlled a wild child .
Napoleon changed his name so it sounded more French .
Wetzlar is near Frankfurt .
Wetzlar is famous for their historic Oldtown and for Goethe .
The camera maker Leica is located here .
Wetzlar has good connections to the German Autobahn with three junctions .
Wetzlar is near to Frankfurt .
The camera manufacturer Leica is located here .
Software hoarding is the act of an individual or software company to restrict the use and modification of their software .
Software hoarding is the process by which a software company protects its software from getting customized by its user .
The company thus puts restriction on the software use and modification .
Software hoarding is when a person or a software company tries to stop some people from using or sharing their software .
Software hoarding is the act of an individual or software company to restrict the use and modification of their software .
Exposure to lead should be avoided it is very toxic to humans and other animals .
A Simpleton is a person who is stupid and understands only very simple things .
A Simpleton is a person who stupid and understands only very simple things .
The measurement of how simple something is is simplicity .
A simpleton is a person who is stupid and understands only very simple things .
A Simpleton is a person who is stupid and understands only very simple things .
We say something is simple when it is very easy to understand or do .
The opposite of is difficult .
The opposite is or difficult .
The first of these visits is called the First Vision .
It happened in the spring of 1820 when Joseph was 14 years old .
They also told him that they had work for him to do .
Part of the work that Joseph did was translating the Book of Mormon .
Joseph said that an angel named Moroni visited him and showed him where a very old book was buried .
Moroni visited Joseph once a year for four years until he told Joseph to take the Golden Plates .
He did this with help from God .
The book was published as The Book of Mormon in 1830 .
It tells the story of two main groups of people who lived in North and South America hundreds of years ago .
It also teaches many things about Jesus .
This book is also the reason church members are sometimes called Mormons .
They also have Sunday School to learn more .
Mormons also have buildings called temples .
Only Mormons that are living good lives can go in the temple .
This is because the temple is the most holy building in their religion .
The book was later published as The Book of Mormon .
It contains the story of two main groups of people who lived on the American continent hundreds of years ago .
The Book of Mormon is the source of the term Mormons or Mormonism .
These people have made other Mormon churches .
These people have formed other Mormon churches .
He went to the woods behind his family 's house in New Yorkto pray .
He felt evil powers fighting him and was rescued when a bright light appeared above him .
It was buried in a stone box on the side of the Hill Cumorah .
This was a hill near Joseph 's home .
It tells the story of two groups of people who lived in North and South America hundreds of years ago .
This book is also why church members are sometimes called Mormons .
They do not smoke tobacco .
They also have Sunday School to learn more about their religion .
Mormons have buildings called temples .
Only Mormons that are living good lives can go into the temple .
It tells the story of two main groups of people who lived in North and South America hundreds of years ago .
This book is also the reason church members are sometimes called Mormons .
There is also large amouts of the book that resemble another book that was out at the time about native americans .
They also have Sunday School to learn more .
Mormons also have buildings called temples .
Only Mormons that are living good lives can go in the temple .
Mormons also believe people can be baptized for the dead .
It was buried in a stone box in a hill near Joseph 's home .
The Church also has activities during the week .
Mormons also have buildings called temples .
These are the most holy buildings in their religion .
The Holy Ghost helps us to know what is the truth .
This is the same as in the Old Testament of the Bible .
Our life has an important purpose .
Families can be together even after we die .
Mormos also allow to baptize the dead .
The youth and Relief Society have weekly and monthly meetings during the week as well as regular participation in the Boy Scouts of America .
He redeems us from death by providing the Resurrection .
He saves us from sin as we repent .
The Holy Ghost helps us to recognize truth .
Our life has a sacred purpose .
Families can be together forever .
At first it was called The Church of Christ .
Today there are about 70 groups who call themselves Mormon .
France is the country in the world that produces the biggest quantity of cider .
Bison live in the northern part of the world .
Adult bulls are very dominant in mating season .
Bisons live in the northern part of the world .
Adult bulls express a high degree of dominance during mating season .
Windows 95 was Microsoft 's first operating system to support long file names .
X This was the first Windows to use the Start button .
Windows 95 was Microsofts first operating system to support long file names .
Mouse cages are NOT advised because hamsters can squeeze through many small spaces .
Mouse cages are NOT advised for they can squeeze through many small spaces .
Christians and even people who are not Christians dress very nicely and go to church on Easter Sunday .
Large dinners are usually held on Easter afternoon as well .
A ham is often at the center of this dinner .
Large dinners are usually held during the afternoon on Easter as well .
A ham is often at the center of this dinner to this dinner .
A person can be agnostic and believe in a god or not believe in a god .
They state that without evidence there is no reason to believe in a god .
Different kinds of RAM usually wo n't work together in the same computer .
Most computers can only use one kind of RAM .
Some can use a small number of different kinds .
Different kinds of RAM often have differently shaped connectors so that they can only be connected to computers they will work in .
Note that these RAM technologies are not interchangeable .
There are two advantages from discrete circuit .
These two could make popularization of computer .
Integrated circuit is invented for breakthrough of the tyranny of numbers .
Jack Kilby of Texas Instruments and Robert Noyce of Fairchild Semiconductor invented monolythic idea in late of 1950 .
Hes a FAGGOTTT and he sucks dick and makes u holla for a dolla !
Almost half of Eritrea 's economy comes from Eritreans who live abroad .
They send money home to their families .
Many different countries have ruled the land that is now called Eritrea .
This was the cause of a long civil war between the Eritreans and the government of Ethiopia .
Almost half of Eritrea 's economy comes from Eritreans living abroad sending money home to their families .
The place that is now called Eritrea was ruled by many different countries in history .
This was the cause for a long civil war between the Eritreans and the government of Ethiopia .
Eventually Eritrea became an independent country in 1993 after a vote by its people .
This was the reason for a long civil war between the Eritreans and the government of Ethiopia .
This was the cause of a long civil war between the Eritreans and the government of Ethiopia .
He is known for his military skills .
By the time of his death he had conquered most the known world .
The Brisbane River flows through the city .
Brisbane was founded in 1824 and was meant at first for prisoners who were embarked to Australia .
Through the city flows the Brisbane River .
Western cartoonists are drawing more and more in the anime style .
Anime is normally in the form of Japanese comics known as manga .
Anime usually follows Japanese comics known as manga .
Anime is a style of animation that originated in Japan .
Anime is often adapted from comics known as manga .
Anime is normally in the form of Japanese comics known as manga .
Some artists from other countries have started to draw like these Japanese artists .
Some anime was first made as comics called manga .
Western cartoonists are drawing more and more in the anime style .
Anime is often adapted from comics known as manga .
The manga were often later made into anime .
Anime is often based on Japanese comics and novels .
It was forked from NetBSD by project leader Theo de Raadt in late 1995 .
OpenBSD includes a number of security features absent or optional in other operating systems and has a tradition of developers auditing the source code for software bugs and security problems .
Is Linux For Losers ?
Tux Journal .
Multiple selections were permitted as a user may use multiple BSD variants side by side .
FreeBSD is in 16th place with 478 hits per day and a number of Linux distributions range between them .
This decision led to the name OpenBSD and signalled the project 's insistence on open and public access to both source code and documentation .
Copyright Policy .
No more qmail ?
No more qmail ?
No more qmail ?
The Age .
Internet Security Systems .
A partial list of affected operating systems .
Core Security Technologies .
Is Open Source Good for Security ?
Privilege Separated OpenSSH .
O'Reilly Network .
OpenBSD ships with the X window system .
OpenBSD 's performance and usability is occasionally criticised .
Packages are built in bulk by the OpenBSD team and provided for download with each release .
Puffy was selected because of the Blowfish encryption algorithm used in OpenSSH and the strongly defensive image of the porcupinefish with its spikes to deter predators .
Secure Architectures with OpenBSD by Brandon Palmer and Jose Nazario .
Building Linux and OpenBSD Firewalls by Wes Sonnenreich and Tom Yates .
Programmes from other sources are available as binary packages or may be built from source using the ports tree .
It was forked from NetBSD by project leader Theo de Raadt in late 1995 .
OpenBSD includes a number of security features absent or optional in other operating systems and has a tradition of developers auditing the source code for software bugs and security problems .
Is Linux For Losers ?
Tux Journal .
Multiple selections were permitted as a user may use multiple BSD variants side by side .
FreeBSD is in 16th place with 478 hits per day and a number of Linux distributions range between them .
This decision led to the name OpenBSD and signalled the project 's insistence on open and public access to both source code and documentation .
Copyright Policy .
No more qmail ?
No more qmail ?
No more qmail ?
The Age .
Internet Security Systems .
A partial list of affected operating systems .
Core Security Technologies .
Is Open Source Good for Security ?
Privilege Separated OpenSSH .
O'Reilly Network .
OpenBSD ships with the X window system .
OpenBSD 's performance and usability is occasionally criticised .
Packages are built in bulk by the OpenBSD team and provided for download with each release .
Puffy was selected because of the Blowfish encryption algorithm used in OpenSSH and the strongly defensive image of the porcupinefish with its spikes to deter predators .
Secure Architectures with OpenBSD by Brandon Palmer and Jose Nazario .
Building Linux and OpenBSD Firewalls by Wes Sonnenreich and Tom Yates .
Programmes from other sources are available as binary packages or may be built from source using the ports tree .
It was forked from NetBSD by project leader Theo de Raadt in late 1995 .
OpenBSD includes a number of security features that are optional or not available in other operating systems and has a tradition of developers auditing the source code for software bugs and security problems .
Is Linux For Losers ?
Tux Journal .
Multiple selections were permitted as a user may use multiple BSD variants side by side .
FreeBSD is in 16th place with 478 hits per day and a number of Linux distributions range between them .
This decision led to the name OpenBSD and signalled the project 's insistence on open and public access to both source code and documentation .
Copyright Policy .
No more qmail ?
No more qmail ?
No more qmail ?
The Age .
Internet Security Systems .
A partial list of affected operating systems .
Core Security Technologies .
Is Open Source Good for Security ?
Privilege Separated OpenSSH .
O'Reilly Network .
OpenBSD ships with the X window system .
OpenBSD 's performance and usability is occasionally criticised .
Packages are built in bulk by the OpenBSD team and provided for download with each release .
Puffy was selected because of the Blowfish encryption algorithm used in OpenSSH and the strongly defensive image of the porcupinefish with its spikes to deter predators .
Secure Architectures with OpenBSD by Brandon Palmer and Jose Nazario .
Building Linux and OpenBSD Firewalls by Wes Sonnenreich and Tom Yates .
Programmes from other sources are available as binary packages or may be built from source using the ports tree .
A circle has a center .
The word center often refers to places or buildings where a specific activity takes place .
Centre or center can have many meanings .
The word center often means places or buildings where an activity takes place .
The word center often refers to places or buildings where a specific activity takes place .
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky is a Russian man who wrote music .
His father was an Ukrainian man whose job was a mining engineer .
His mother was a French woman .
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky is an Russian man who wrote music .
His father was a Ukrainian man whose job was a mining engineer .
His mother was French woman .
Radio 1 started broadcasting in 1967 .
The station was the first legal radio station in Britain .
He was 28 years old .
Their third and final album Sublime was released two months after Nowell 's death .
The album 's song What I Got was what made Sublime famous .
Sublime has sold over 8 million albums around the world .
A few of Sublimes songs have been used in video games .
The album had a breakthrough with What I Got .
A few of Sublimes songs have been included into video games .
A few of Sublimes songs have been used in video games .
A few of Sublimes songs have been used in video games .
They formed in California in 1977 and broke up in 1986 .
They formed in California in 1977 and disbanded in 1986 .
The Universal Serial Bus was created about ten years ago .
This new technology became an instant success .
Ever since USB was introduced different producers of electronic devices thought about the future of the bus .
It can provide connection to the computer and other devices like for example laptops and MP3 players .
Several ears earlier adopters and developers of USB gathered in a special hotel in California to test their devices .
The meeting of USB developers had the name of Plugfest .
The meeting lasted three days and in this time the representatives of about fifty companies connected their USB devices to one general host system .
The logo of the USB device also has its own history .
Not so many people know that the USB logo was in development for several months .
Today it represents the most widely used USB device .
About ten years ago the world has seen the birth of the Universal Serial Bus .
This technology even though new became an instant success .
Ever since USB was introduced various IT producers thought about the future of the device .
The USB is a port that can be connected to a lot of other USB external devices .
Several ears earlier adopters and developers of USB gathered in a special Californian hotel to test their devices .
This meeting was called the Plugfest .
The meeting lasted three days and in this time the representatives of about fifty companies connected their USB products to the one general host system .
The logo of the device also has its own history .
Only a few know that the simple logo was developed for months .
The standard was made to improve plug and play .
A device can simply be plugged in by USB and the computer will recognize it and it will be immediately usable .
USB can also provide a small amount of power .
Nowadays it can provide a connection to the computer and other devices like laptops and MP3 players .
The meeting lasted three days .
Today we can see the final design of the USB logo .
It 's hard to plug in a USB connector the wrong way .
This allows connections to be made in awkward positions or by those with motor disabilities .
The stadard was made to improve plug and play .
A new device that needs to be used can simply be connected .
The computer will then recognize it .
After that it can directly be used .
This technology is called hot swapping .
With hot swapping the computer does not need to be restarted to use the device .
USB can provide a limited amount of power .
Ever since USB was introduced different producers of electronic devices thought about the future of the bus .
It can provide connection to the computer and other devices like for example laptops and MP3 players .
Several years earlier adopters and developers of USB gathered in a special hotel in California to test their devices .
The meeting of USB developers had the name of Plugfest .
The meeting lasted three days and in this time the representatives of about fifty companies connected their USB devices to one general host system .
Today we can see the final variant of the USB logo .
In order to be able to use the transfer rate hi speed both the USB controller and the connected device need to support it .
USB is backwards compatible .
It is difficult to attach a USB connector the wrong way .
This allows connections to be made in awkward circumstances or by those with motor disabilities .
USB is backwards compatible .
A study about the Christian religion and what is taught to people who are Christians .
An examination of the teachings and practices of modern Christianity .
He is a member of the immensely rich bin Laden family .
Quite a few people call him a terrorist .
Osama bin Laden 's name can be transliterated in several ways .
This includes CNN and the BBC .
The FBI and Fox News use Usama bin Laden .
Often the name is abbreviated to UBL .
The latter part of the name can also be found as Binladen or Binladin .
People at the United States Department of Defense prefer the use of the now more common Osama transliteration .
This is especially the case when his name is associated with the September 11th attacks .
The family company is known as the Binladin Brothers for Contracting and Industry .
It is one of the largest corporations in Saudi Arabia .
The Arabic convention would be to refer to him either as Osama or Osama bin Laden .
Osama bin Laden finished second place in an unofficial online poll that Time Magazine .
This was done alongside its 2001 Person of the Year award .
He is a member of the very rich bin Laden family .
He is a member of the immensely rich bin Laden family .
The Arabic convention would be to refer to him either as Osama or Osama bin Laden .
Osama bin Laden finished second place in an unofficial online poll that Time Magazine .
This was done alongside its 2001 Person of the Year award .
Other Newspeak words were used for political reasons .
Other newspeak words were used for political means .
Words like thinkcrime and goodsex were defined by the Party and became laws of the land .
Orwell got the idea for the book when he noticed in the newspapers of London that they listed how much the country 's supplies improved during World War II when they were actually very low on supplies and getting worse everyday .
This is the prison of Oceania .
The only place he is safe is in his own mind .
He thinks O'Brien betrayed him .
He also struggles with the bond of love he made with Julia .
He is not sure if she betrayed him or not .
He then breaks down .
Winston must submit to the questioning for any hope of living .
They are changing it to make it more simple so that people will not be too clever or think too much .
Soon he loses control over it as well .
This is not true because O'Brien is his questioner .
He dies as only another member of the Party .
They are changing it to make it more simple so that people will not be too smart or think too hard .
He also struggles with the bond of love he made with Julia .
He then breaks down .
He dies as just another member of the Party .
Some of the most famous Fascist parties include the Nazi Party of Germany and the italian Mussolini who were both involved in authoritaian style government during the lead up to the second world war .
Some of the most famous Fascist parties include the Nazi Party of Germany and Mussolini who were both involved in authoritaian style government during the lead up to the second world war .
A country under this form of government is usually run by a dictator .
A country under this form government is usually ran by a dictator .
Some of the most famous Fascist parties include the Nazi Party of Germany and the italian Mussolini who were both involved in authoritaian style government during the lead up to the second world war .
Fascism is a form of authoritarian government and autocracy where the state is held at a higher priority than the individual .
Fascism is a form of authoritarian government and autocracy where the state is held at as more important than the individual .
Fascism is a form of authoritarian government and autocracy where the state is held at a higher priority than the individual .
Adolf Hitler established Fascism !
A country under this form of government is usually run by a person called a dictator .
The first fascist government was run by Benito Mussolini in Italy .
Fascist ideas were most common around the time of World War II .
Many people were killed by fascist governments because the government did not like them or their views against fascism .
A country under this form of government is usually run by a dictator .
The first fascist government was that of Benito Mussolini in Italy .
Fascist ideas had their peak before and during World War II .
Many individuals were killed by fascist governments because the government did not like them or their views against fascism .
The USA having interred everyone of Japanese origin even those born as US citizens in concentration camps for the duration of the Second world war .
The Caribbean Sea is a tropical sea in the center of the Caribbean area .
The body of water is part of the Atlantic Ocean .
The sea is southeast of the Gulf of Mexico .
The Caribbean Sea has hurricanes .
The Caribbean Sea All The Sea .
The Junior Certificate is earned by passing a required exam that takes place in secondary schools in the Republic of Ireland .
The Junior Certificate is earned by passing a compulsory exam that takes place in secondary schools in the Republic of Ireland .
An empire is a set of lands or regions that are ruled by an emperor .
An empire usually also have many different cultures .
One could say an empire can be any large state with many different cultures ruled from a single place or center .
A person who does this is known as a rapist .
Men can get raped too .
Rape can cause dangerous injuries and diseases .
There is also more evidence to help find the rapist if the person gets help very quickly .
They should also tell the police .
Rape can cause physical injuries like bleeding in the vagina or rectum .
There may be bleeding inside the body .
Doctors can give a woman emergency contraception so she does not become pregnant because of the rape .
Medicines can help prevent sexually transmitted diseases .
Some hospitals have rape kits that are used to save evidence after a rape .
Some people who are raped take medicine to prevent HIV .
This medicine can help if the person starts taking it less than two days after the rape .
Doctors and police strongly recommend that the victim calls for help .
They should also report the rape .
These may be a life threatening .
Getting immediate help can also preserve evidence .
Many people recommend that the victim should not bathe or clean themselves before they get examined .
Some emergency rooms have rape kits which are used to collect evidence .
This would usually be a clinical decision based upon circumstances .
In many countries there is a thing called age of consent .
In many countries there is a concept called age of consent .
They are therefore protected by law .
A person who commits rape is a rapist .
Victims of rape may feel guilt or shame .
A person may be unable to consent to sexual intercourse or sex .
Having sex with a person who can not consent is Rape .
Having sex with them is rape .
Some adults are unable to consent to sex .
Individuals who are asleep or unconscious can not consent to sexual intercourse .
People who are on alcohol or drugs may be unable to consent to sex .
Some disabled or ill adults can not consent to sex .
The condition affects how they think .
They may not know what sex is .
They may seem confused or unsure .
A court may find someone unable to consent .
Rape is a medical emergency .
People may not know they are hurt or sick .
Doctors can give medicine to treat an STD .
At the hospital police can collect evidence from the victim and her clothing .
Waiting too long makes it hard to collect evidence .
Victims of rape may feel scared or sad .
They may have scary dreams about the rape .
Sometimes doctors can give medicine to decrease fear and sadness .
Calling a rape crisis center or hotline can help a victim find help .
Victims of rape are not responsible for the rape .
It is not their fault .
People who know the victim can help by providing support and comfort .
The person who rapes is called the rapist .
In many countries there is a term called age of consent .
The people whose consent is still needed may be under the influence of drugs .
Rape can cause dangerous injuries and diseases .
There is also more evidence to help find the rapist if the person gets help very quickly .
They should also tell the police .
Rape can cause physical injuries like bleeding in the vagina or rectum .
There may be bleeding inside the body .
Doctors can give a woman emergency contraception so she does not become pregnant because of the rape .
Medicines can help prevent sexually transmitted diseases .
Some hospitals have rape kits that are used to save evidence after a rape .
Some people who are raped take medicine to prevent HIV .
This medicine can help if the person starts taking it less than two days after the rape .
People who are under the influence of certain drugs may be unable to consent to sex .
These conditions affects their thinking .
People who are on alcohol or drugs may be unable to consent to sex .
Some disabled or ill adults can not consent to sex .
The condition affects how they think .
They may not know what sex is .
It is not their fault .
It 's not their fault .
Rape is having sexual intercourse with a person who really wants to .
Rape is a form of sexual pleasure .
A person who enjoys rape is a rapist .
But it 's not rape if they 're dead .
Having sex with a person who wants to consent is rape .
IT 'S AWWWWWWWWWWWRIGHT !
Doctors can give medicine to treat Homosexuality .
Victims of rape are responsible for the rape .
It is their fault .
They were asking for it .
People who know the victim ca n't help .
Rape is a form of sexual assault .
A person who commits rape is a rapist .
Having sex with a person who can not consent is rape .
Some adults are unable to consent to sex .
Individuals who are asleep or unconscious can not consent to sexual intercourse .
People who are under the influence of certain drugs may be unable to consent to sex .
These conditions affects their thinking .
They may seem confused or unsure .
A court may find someone unable to consent .
Doctors can give medicine to treat an STD .
Victims of rape may feel scared or sad .
They may have scary dreams about the rape .
Sometimes doctors can give medicine to decrease fear and sadness .
Calling a rape crisis center or hotline can help a victim find help .
Victims of rape are not responsible for the rape .
It is not their fault .
People who know the victim can help by providing support and comfort .
A person who rapes someone is a rapist .
Children and teenagers under the age of consent are legally unable to consent .
Having sex with them is known as statutory rape .
This is known as the Romeo and Juliet clause .
People who are sleeping or unconscious can not consent to sexual intercourse .
A person who commits rape is a rapist .
Victims of rape may feel guilt or shame .
Having sex with them is rape .
Individuals who are asleep or unconscious can not consent to sexual intercourse .
Victims of rape may feel scared or sad .
The division 's official motto is Duty First .
Charles Milles Manson was the leader of a cult of people who murdered other people .
He was punished for murder .
But the law people did not think he did the murders himself .
Charles Milles Manson was the leader of a cult of people who murdered people .
She was waiting for a baby .
Most known is the murder of the movie actress Sharon Tate .
He was punished for murder .
But the law people did not think he did the murders himself .
He is now in jail for life in California .
Some of the larger tuna species such as the bluefin tuna can raise their blood temperature above the water temperature with muscular activity .
This enables them to live in cooler waters and survive a wider range of circumstances .
Tuna is an important commercial fish .
In Australia the Southern Bluefin tuna is one of two species of bluefin tunas that is kept in tuna farms by former fishermen .
Tuna is also a name for the sweet fruit of prickly pear cactuses in the genus Opuntia .
Tuna is a fish .
All of them live in the ocean .
Tuna are fast swimmers .
Most species of fish have white flesh .
The flesh of the tuna us different .
It is pink to dark red .
This is because tuna muscle tissue contains greater quantities of myoglobin .
Myoglobin is a molecule that binds an oxygen .
The muscle tissue of most other fish species has less of that molecule .
Tuna are high up in the food chain .
Their diet leads to the accumulation of heavy metals in their flesh .
Some of the larger tuna species such as the Northern bluefin tuna can raise their blood temperature above the water temperature with muscular activity .
Some fishermen in Australia now grow Southern bluefin tuna in fish farms .
Some tuna farms are circular nets forty meters in diameter and twenty meters deep .
The tuna grow and get fatter for from three to six months .
Sport fishermen like to catch tuna using rods and hooks .
Some of the larger tuna species such as the bluefin tuna can raise their blood temperature above the water temperature with muscular activity .
In Australia the Southern Bluefin tuna is one of two species of bluefin tunas that is kept in tuna farms by former fishermen .
Until 1976 the school was a boarding school only for boys .
Since then it has been a Gymnasium .
Until 1976 the school has been aboarding school only for boys .
Since then it has been a Gymnasium for today 771 pupils from a large area .
The cell membrane acts much like a person working at a border patrol .
The membrane is made up of a thin layer called the lipid bilayer .
The lipid bilayer is made of two lipid molecules with polar heads and nonpolar tails facing away from each other .
It also has some which are only sometimes stuck onto it .
The cell membrane is a thin flexible barrier around cells of organisms .
The cell membrane controls the chemicals entering and leaving the cell .
The membrane is made up of a thin film called the lipid bilayer .
The lipid bilayer is two lipid molecules with polar heads and nonpolar tails facing away from each other .
It also has some which are only partially fixed onto it .
Both forms of elly fish have small tentacles with nematocysts that sting and can hurt people on contact .
The bones are the framework of the body .
Without them we would be a pile of skin on the floor .
Anteaters are mammals .
Termites look like white ants .
Some termites eat wood .
Ants and termites live in big nests .
A nest can have 1000 's of insects .
The anteater has a long sticky tongue .
The tongue can be up to 60 cm .
The anteater opens the ant nest with its claws .
It licks up the ants with its tongue .
Anteaters are mammals of the family Myrmecophagidae and the suborder Vermilingua .
Mao Zedong was a Chinese dictator responsible for the cultural revolution and invasion of Tibet .
No one liked China anymore .
This break in Communist power caused Communism to collapse later on .
The Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution are also thought of as major disasters in his policy .
No one like China anymore .
This schism in Communist power caused Communism to collapse later on .
The Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution were also considered to be major disasters in his policy .
Tens of millions of people died of hunger because of his Socialist economic properties .
Tens of millions of people died of hunger because of his Socialist economic properties .
They beat Mao 's Communists and made them move out of the country .
Chiang and the Nationalists had friends in the cities and among the middle class .
Mao died in 1976 .
Leaders of China after Mao had to make a new rule called one child policy .
His body was giving out .
The personal doctors group began emergency treatment immediately .
Mao was awake and alert throughout the crisis and asked several times whether he was in danger .
His condition continued to fluctuate and his life hung in the balance .
Jiang Qing came to Building 202 where she learned the bad news .
Mao 's breathing stopped and his face turned blue .
Jiang Qing left the room while the medical staff put him on a respirator and performed emergency cardiopulmonary resuscitation .
Mao 's organs were failing and he was taken off life support few minutes after midnight .
September 9 was chosen because it was an easy day to remember .
Mao had been in poor health for several years and had declined visibly for some months prior to his death .
He was a chain smoker .
His body lay in state at the Great Hall of the People .
A memorial service was held in Tiananmen Square on 18 September 1976 .
There was a three minute silence observed during this service .
Leaders of China after Mao had to make a new rule about child bearing called one child policy .
They are horses that are quick to learn new things and act quickly when people give them commands .
All these qualities are necessary to win races or show jumping contests .
A horse used to pull a wagon is bigger and heavier than a Thoroughbred .
The hoofs are also much larger than a racing horse .
Most horses seen in horse show competitions such as show jumping are a mixture of the two types of horses described before .
This includes horse breeds such as the Morgan and Quarter Horse .
There is usually a set pattern they must complete .
Letters are placed around a arena to show where the rider must go .
Dressage champions must show no movements between the body of the rider and the horse .
These horses are just for people who know how to handle difficult horses .
However all their qualities are nessecary to win a race .
A horse used to pull a wagon is bigger and heavier than the Thoroughbreds .
The hoofs are also much larger than the cute ones of a racing horse .
The most see horses in competitions of show jumping are a mixture of the two types of horses described before .
Both characters and qualities like the fastness of the Arabian and the force of the heavy horse are importent to ride a course without mistakes .
There is usually a set course that they have to complete .
They have to navigate between letters which are the markers used to specify a certain area of the arena .
The moves the horse preforms are very graceful and fun to watch .
Charlemagne fought in wars all the time when he was king .
His family line died out in Germany in 911 and in France in 987 .
Charles fought in wars all the time when he was king .
His family line died out in Germany in 911 and in France 987 .
Some animals have large ears .
Some types of elephant use their large ears to cool themselves in the heat of their homeland .
Some animals have big ears .
The rabbit has very big ears so it can hear very well .
They help it hear dangerous animals that want to eat it .
Some types of Elephant use their large ears to cool themselves in the heat of their homeland .
Special types of underwear have religious significance .
There are a number of different words for underwear .
Different types of women 's undergarments are known together as lingerie .
They may also be called intimate clothing or simply .
Terms for specific forms of underwear are listed in the table below .
Undergarments are worn for a variety of reasons .
They keep outer garments from being soiled by perspiration .
Common contemporary types and styles of undergarments are listed in the table below .
Underwear is sometimes partly exposed for fashion reasons or to titillate .
They keep outer clothes from being made dirty by sweat .
Special types of underwear have religious importance .
Special types of underwear have religious significance .
Words for types of underwear are set out in the table below .
Terms for specific forms of underwear are listed in the table below .
Underwear is worn for many reasons .
They keep outer clothes from being made dirty by sweat .
Some people wear corsets to make their torsos a certain shape .
Women may wear sports bras which give them more support .
Undergarments are worn for a variety of reasons .
They keep outer garments from being soiled by perspiration .
Some types of Jews wear a prayer shawl called a tallit katan .
It is hung over the shoulders .
They believe that such clothes help them remember the teachings of the temple .
Some types of Jews wear a prayer shawl called a tallit katan .
It is hung over the shoulders .
The table below sets out types and styles of underwear that are commonly worn .
Common contemporary types and styles of undergarments are listed in the table below .
Underwear is sometimes partly exposed for fashion reasons or to make other people feel sexually excited when they see it .
Underwear is sometimes partly exposed for fashion reasons or to titillate .
A number of big clothes designers are well known for their underwear collections .
A common style among young men is to allow their trousers to sag or droop down below their waists .
This fashion is called sagging .
A woman wearing trousers which expose the upper back portion of her thong underwear is said to show a whale tail .
Not wearing undergarments under one 's outer clothing is known in American slang as freeballing for men or freebuffing for women .
The term going commando is also used for both sexes .
They both lied that she had not sucked his dick in secret when she had .
His jizz on her dress proved this .
One of his works paired him with musician Kurt Cobain .
One of his works paired him with Kurt Cobain .
Not all police officers wear a uniform and patrol .
A police officer will have powers that a normal person does not have so that they can do this job .
Without these powers the police officer would not be able to stop people from breaking the law or punish those that have broken the law .
Being a police officer can be dangerous .
Police officers are sometimes killed or injured by people trying to escape or to stop them from doing their job .
In different countries police officers are given different equipment .
All police officers are armed with weapons that they can use to defend themselves or other people that need help .
Police officers have to patrol and respond to emergencies .
This is so that they can go to emergencies quicker and carry more equipment .
A police officer typically wears a police uniform .
Police officers face many dangers in their jobs .
The biggest dangers are getting shot by a gun or injured while trying to deal with criminals .
A police officer 's job is to make certain that people obey laws .
This is usually done in one of two ways .
A ticket is a piece of paper that tells the person what law they did not follow .
It also tells them when and where they must go to deal with the problem .
Most often they must go to court and pay a fine .
Minor laws are laws such as where to park a car or how fast a person can drive .
The person will have to wait in jail until the court decides what to do with them .
Police officers have special that they may need to use at times .
The vest can protect him from being killed or seriously injured from bullets .
Police officers that are dealing with a riot will use a special shield to protect themselves and wear a helmet and other protective clothing .
Police officers use many different way of transportation .
Many officers use police cars .
These are cars that are changed in ways to help the police do their job .
Police cars can have computers for getting information about a person and a place for keeping weapons .
Most police cars have something between the front seat and the back seat .
This keeps the driver safe from any criminals they have in the back seat .
Some police officers will just walk around .
This is usually done in areas where there are a lot of people .
Police officers are sometimes killed or hurt by people trying to escape or to stop them from doing their job .
A police officer has powers that a normal person does not have so that they can do this job .
Police officers are sometimes killed or injured by people trying to escape or to stop them from doing their job .
In different countries police officers are given different equipment .
A well known stereotype about police officers is that they like to eat donuts .
It has a very harsh vocal .
Most death metal has very fast guitar and drum beats .
It is a music focused mainly on drums and guitars .
Some bands try to write about things that other death metal bands do not write about such as ancient history .
Death metal is a kind of music similar to Heavy metal .
It has very harsh singing .
It has a very harsh vocal .
Players take turns placing a stone of their color on intersections of the square grid .
Go is often called the hardest classic game for computers to play .
It is also quite popular in Japan and Korea .
Go is often called the hardest game for computers to play .
Persian was also taught as a second language in schools in Pakistan until 2006 .
Persian was also taught as a second language in the Pakistan schools until 2006 .
Copenhagen is on the island of Zealand .
Copenhagen is located on the island of Zealand .
Commercial farming in Zambia is starting to make more money .
It is said that Zambia was born with a copper spoon in its mouth .
Commercial farming is a growing industry as well .
The Dominican Republic is a country on the caribbean island of Hispaniola in the West Indies .
The other country on the island of Hispaniola is Haiti .
The Dominican Republic is a country in the island of Hispaniola in the West Indies .
The other country in the Hispaniola is Haiti .
There were also two Doctor Who movies made in the 1960s .
There were also two Doctor Who movies .
Anyone who was seen as a threat to the goverment was sent there .
Anyone who the goverment did n't approve of was sent there .
A concentration camp is a place which a government uses to keep people who are either against that government or who it thinks are too dangerous to remain free .
Many countries have used concentration camps often during wars or times of trouble and fighting .
The English words concentration camps were first used by the British in the Second Boer War in Africa around 1900 .
The families of South African men fighting against the British were put in camps to stop them from giving food and help to the fighters .
Their houses and farms were burned .
People were often sent to these camps to work .
These are now called extermination camps or death camps .
From the 1920 's under the Soviet Union many more people were sent to such camps and they were very badly treated there .
The Russian writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn wrote a book called The Gulag Archipelago by which many people realized what crimes the communist Soviet Union government had done .
In the United States during the American Civil War in the 1860 's soldiers who been captured were sometimes all crowded together in bad conditions .
These people were forced to leave their land and were often put into camps where they could not leave .
There is a lot of argument about the prison camp that the USA has built at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba .
Many people think it is a concentration camp .
This was shown to be sometimes true when British prisoners were returned home in 2003 .
About 300 to 400 men are in this prison .
They are almost all Muslims who are said to have attacked American troops .
Some of these people were captured during the war in Afghanistan .
Some were taken by force from other countries .
There has been some evidence of torture taking place at the camp .
The first concentration camps were used by the British in the Boer War in Africa in the 1890s .
This was proved when British prisoners were returned home in 2003 .
There has also been proof of torture taking place at the camp .
Ribosome is a part of a cell that creates protein .
Ribosome is something that creates protein .
Pineapples are the only bromeliad fruit in widespread cultivation .
A Peach is a fruit that grows from a tree that first came from China .
There are two kinds of peaches .
The first one is the freestone and the other one is the clingstone .
A peach without the fuzz is usually called a nectarine .
The inside of a peach is sweet and .
Peach is a tree that at first grew in China .
Peaches are also the fruit the peach tree makes .
A peach without the fuzz is commonly called a nectarine .
The inside of a peach is sweet and sticky .
Figs like warm climates .
Figs like warmth climates .
The blackberry is an edible fruit made by any of several species in the Rubus genus of the Rosaceae family .
Blackberries and raspberries are also called caneberries or brambles .
The blackberry grows to about 3 m in height .
The blackberry is well known shrub .
It grows to about 3 m in height .
It grows in a type of tree called shrub .
Many types of blueberries grow in the United States .
Blueberries are more common between May and October .
Wild blueberries have a stronger taste .
A blueberry is a fruit .
This means that both mass and velocity affect the momentum of an object .
Momentum is a vector .
Momentum is a conserved quantity .
This means that the total amount of momentum in a closed system never changes .
The momentum is conserved or transferred from one object to another .
This happens in such a way that the total momentum of the system remains constant .
The momentum is conserved or transferred from one object to another in such a way that the total momentum of the system remains constant .
It warm in summer and in winter .
Its climate is warm in summer and in winter .
The cranium is a special bone in the skull .
It can be used to decorate a home .
It can be used to dercorate the home .
Richard Taylor helped him find the solution .
He was helped by Richard Taylor .
The solutions are called Pythagorean triples .
The solutions are called as Pythagorean triples .
In 1950 the US Congress passed a law making the people of Guam American citizens .
Bangladesh was formerly called East Pakistan .
The people of East Pakistan were mostly Bengalis .
The Bengalis were treated badly by the Pakistan Army .
So they joined Indian Army to defeat Pakistan Army and won its freedom from Pakistan in 1971 .
Bangladesh won its freedom from Pakistan in 1971 .
Bangladesh was formerly called East Pakistan .
The people of East Pakistan were mostly Bengalis who were different from their west Pakistani counterparts in terms of language and culture .
Language and political differences eventually led to war .
Bangladesh was formerly called East Pakistan after forming a part of Pakistan during 1948 Partition .
Language and political differences led to war eventually in 1971 and Bangladesh gained independence on 26 December .
It is bigger than Tajikistan but smaller than Nepal .
Dhaka was then just the capital of East Bengal province .
The people of East Pakistan were mostly Bengalis who had a different language and culture to the people of west Pakistani .
These differences eventually led to war .
The Bangla Academy was important in this change .
English continued to be taught in higher education and was offered as a subject for university degrees .
Less than half of the people can read and write .
Its capital is Dhaka .
Bangladesh is surrounded on all three sides by India .
Bangladesh was formerly called East Pakistan .
The people of East Pakistan were mostly Bengalis who were different from their west Pakistani counterparts in terms of language and culture .
Language and political differences eventually led to war .
East Bengal was then a part of Pakistan .
Bangla also became the sole national language and the standard language of communications .
The initial shortage of Bangla textbooks and other instructional materials was alleviated by the accelerated production of textbooks in the vernacular under the patronage of government education departments .
The Bangla Academy also played a pioneering role in this area .
English continued to be offered as an elective subject in most institutions of higher education and was offered as a subject for bachelor 's and master 's degrees .
Literacy rate is just below 50 percent and the country is one of the most densely populated in the world .
Bangladesh is also proned to heavy cyclones and natural disasters .
He played with Babe Ruth and the New York Yankees who were thought the best team of that time .
He played with the Yankees for most of his playing time which started in 1923 and ended in 1939 .
The doctor told Gehrig he had only a short time to live .
He said where he said he was the luckiest man on the face of the earth .
He died less than two years later .
He played alongside Babe Ruth and the New York Yankees who were considered the greatest team of that time .
He played with the Yankees for his most of his professional career which started in 1923 and ended in 1939 .
He died in 1941 .
When he spoke that day he said he was the luckiest man on the face of the earth .
He said where he said he was the luckiest man on the face of the earth .
Most snakes are venomous like the King Cobra .
They push and pull themselves with the muscles on the bottom of their bodies .
Most snakes are venamuse like the King Cobra .
They push and pull them selfs with the muscles on the bottom of there bodies .
He also had a younger sibling by the name of Kashmira .
She was born in 1952 .
At the age of ten he was named the school champion of Table Tennis .
Freddie moved to London to persue his musical career and whilst in London he became very fond of a woman named Mary Austin .
Mary still lives in that house and allows fans to visit the house on the day of Freddie 's death each year .
He also had a younger sibling by the name of Kashmira she was born in 1952 .
At the age of ten he was named the school champion of table tenis .
Freddie moved to London to persue his musical career and whilst in london he became very fond of a woman named Mary Austin .
Mary still lives in that house and allows fans to visit the house on the day of Freddies ' death each year .
It is also called bowel and is part of the alimentary canal between the stomach and the anus .
A chemical equation is a way you fuck ever one inthe dick to predict the way that two or more chemicals will work together .
A chemical equation is a way to predict the way that two or more chemicals will work together .
He is very evil in the Christian religion .
He is also the symbol for not obeying .
He is bad in the Christian religion .
He is the symbol of not obeying .
Many castles are very beautiful and are public .
Many castles are very beautiful and the public .
All the main peaks of the Alps can be found in the list of mountains of the Alps and list of Alpine peaks by prominence .
The main chain of the Alps follows the watershed from the Mediterranean Sea to the Wienerwald .
It then passes over many of the highest and most famous peaks in the Alps .
It reaches through southern Europe and Asia from the Atlantic Ocean all the way to the Himalayas .
This belt of mountain chains was made during the Alpine orogeny .
A gap in these mountain chains in central Europe the Alps from the Carpathians off to the east .
Orogeny took place a lot and tectonic is to blame for the gaps in between .
This belt of mountain chains was formed during the Alpine orogeny .
A gap in these mountain chains in central Europe separates the Alps from the Carpathians off to the east .
Orogeny took place continuously and tectonic subsidence is to blame for the gaps in between .
Most of this happened during the Oligocene and Miocene time .
This often broke and slid one over the other to make big thrust faults .
Most of this occurred during the Oligocene and Miocene epochs .
These do not reach to the same height .
They are also hard to find growing together .
But their upper limit complements similar enough to the change from a temperate to a colder climate that is further shown true by a change in the wild flowering plant life .
This limit normally lies about above the sea on the north side of the Alps .
The Alps are not always marked by the presence of the typical trees .
Humans have almost killed them in many places .
These trees are less to the attacks of goats who are the worst enemies of such trees .
This region is not always marked by the presence of the characteristic trees .
Above this is the alpine meadow .
Above the alpine meadow is where plant life becomes less and less common .
The people who were on the boat were remembered by their families and in a song by Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot .
The people who were on the boat were memorialized by their families and in a song by Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot .
Nobody knows why the boat actually sunk .
Nobody ever actually knew why the boat sunk .
They have two brains that work separately .
This gives the chameleon the ability to move its eyes independently and to do two actions at the same time .
They have two brains which work separately .
This gives the chamaleon the ability to move it 's eyes independently and to do two actions at the same time .
Chameleons have long sticky tongues that they can stretch up to two times their body size .
Their eyes can independenrly .
Millard Fillmore was the 13th President of the United States of America .
The Whig party did not pick him to run for president in 1852 .
Millard Fillmore grew up in a poor family .
He got a job as a lawyer in 1823 .
This helped him get chosen to run for vice president in 1848 .
But part of that deal was to let slave owners use government police to catch slaves that ran away .
He also started the first library at the White House .
Fillmore got a job in charge of the University of Buffalo .
Hermione Granger is a character from the Harry Potter series .
Rowling confirmed in a 2004 interview that Hermione is an only child .
Hermione debuts in Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone when she meets future companions Harry and Ron on the Hogwarts Express .
They heartily dislike her until they rescue her from a troll .
She assembles the Polyjuice Potion needed for the trio to disguise themselves as Malfoy 's housemates in order to collect information about the Heir of Slytherin who has reopened the Chamber of Secrets .
She later gets into a heated argument with Ron after he accuses her of fraternising with the enemy in reference to her friendship with Krum .
She also lambasts housemate Lavender Brown for believing the Daily Prophet 's allegations of Harry fabricating stories of Voldemort 's return .
Attempts to ban the magazine from Hogwarts are futile as the story spreads quickly through the school .
One turning point in the series is when she conceives the idea of secretly teaching defensive magic to a small band of students in defiance of the Ministry of Magic 's dictum to teach only the subject 's basic principles .
Hermione is a valuable help in Harry 's quest to destroy Voldemort 's remaining Horcruxes in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows .
Hermione later uses Polyjuice Potion to impersonate Bellatrix when the trio attempt to steal Hufflepuff 's cup from Gringotts .
She is the only one of the trio to have returned for her final year at Hogwarts .
Rowling also stated in a webchat that Hermione also found her parents in Australia and relieved them of the memory charm she had placed on them .
Emma Watson has portrayed Hermione in all the Harry Potter films to date .
Rowling herself was supportive of Watson from her first screen test .
Watson considers Hermione charismatic and a fantastic role to play .
Hermione 's not scared to be clever .
I find it 's so much pressure to be beautiful .
Hermione does n't care what she looks like .
She 's a complete tomboy .
Screenwriter Steve Kloves revealed in a 2003 interview that Hermione was his favorite character .
There 's something about her fierce intellect coupled with a complete lack of understanding of how she affects people sometimes that I just find charming and irresistible to write .
Hermione may look unconventionally beautiful when she puts on for special events .
Hermione 's most prominent feature is her cleverness .
She also thinks to reveal Harry briefly to the Death Eaters to save Xenophilius Lovegood and to use a Stinging Hex on Harry 's face to hide his identity when attacked by Snatchers .
Time Magazine staff .
Hermione is portrayed during the whole series as an exceptionally talented young witch .
Rowling has stated that Hermione is a borderline genius .
Retrieved on 2 July 2007 .
Dresang goes further when she also states that Harry and Ron are more dependent on Hermione than she is on them .
Bollington is a village in Cheshire .
The countryside is very beautiful .
It also has an interesting history .
The village is home to over twenty pubs .
This gives a hint on what inhabitants of the village are like .
Bollington was home to the biggest water wheel in England and only second in Britain to the Laxey wheel in the Isle of Man .
By 1914 Bollington had a population of around 6000 people and was dominated by fine cotton spinning .
The pinnacle of Bollington has to be White nancy .
It was built by the Gaskell family early in the nineteenth century .
Although it has now been sealed it still remains the symbol of the village .
Even though the village did n't have a football team successful enough to rival the cricket team it was still very popular amongst the people of Bollington .
The most popular team was St Johns team which was quite successful in the lower leagues .
Bollington is a village in Cheshire with beutiful nearby countryside and an interesting history .
The village is home to over twenty pubs which sums up the character of its inhabitants .
Bollington was home to the biggest water wheel in England and only second in britain to the Laxey wheel in the Isle of Man .
By 1914 Bollington had a population of around 6000 and was dominated by fine cotton spinning .
The pinnacle of bollington has to be White nancy .
It was built by the Gaskell Family early in the nineteenth century .
Although it has now been sealed now it still remains the symbol of the village .
Even though the village did n't have a football team successful enough to rival the cricket team it was still very popular amongdt Bollingtonians .
The most popular team was St Johns team was quite successful in the lowere leagues .
It is usually what remains when a cell dies .
The cytoplasm is home to the nucleus and the other organelles .
The cytoplasm consists mainly of cytosol and crucial chemical reactions happen with it .
It also makes the left overs of the cell .
Many Muslims consider him a hero for defeating the Crusaders over twenty years worth of battles .
Daastaan Imaan Farooshoon Ki is one book in Urdu written by Althamash that says very good things about Saladin .
He is renowned for leading Muslim resistance to the European Crusaders and eventually recapturing Palestine from the Crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem .
Only one tenth of his army made it back to Egypt .
A truce was declared between Saladin and the Crusader States in 1178 .
Raynald threatened to attack the holy cities of Mecca and Medina .
Raynald responded by looting a caravan of pilgrims on the Hajj in 1185 .
In the battle alone the Crusader army was largely annihilated by the motivated army of Saladin in what was a major disaster for the Crusaders and a turning point in the history of the Crusades .
Saladin captured Raynald de Chatillon and was personally responsible for his execution .
Guy of Lusignan was also captured but his life was spared .
The execution of prisoners at Hattin was not the first by Saladin .
Saladin consulted his council and these terms were accepted .
Saladin allowed many to leave without having the required amount for ransom for others .
Only Tyre held out .
The city was now commanded by the formidable Conrad of Montferrat .
He strengthened Tyre 's defences and withstood two sieges by Saladin .
This Crusade took back Acre .
He had them beheaded on the spot .
An interesting view of Saladin and the world in which he lived is provided by Tariq Ali 's novel The Book of Saladin .
The Franks urged her to approach Saladin herself with her grievance .
She suckled it for some time and then Saladin ordered a horse to be fetched for her and she went back to camp .
Modern Muslim rulers have sought to capitalize on the reputation of Saladin .
Few structures associated with Saladin survive within modern cities .
The fortress overlooks a large wadi which was the convergence of several caravan routes that linked Egypt and the Middle East .
Emperor Wilhelm II of Germany donated a new marble sarcophagus to the mausoleum .
Saladin was portrayed by Bernard Kay in the 1965 Doctor Who serial The Crusade .
Saladin was portrayed by Ghassan Massoud in the 2005 motion picture Kingdom of Heaven .
Saladin answers Nothing .
Multimedia Development Corporation .
Saladin is shown as the leader of Arabia in the video game Civilization IV .
Saladin is also a nickname given to Big Boss by Sniper Wolf in the video game Metal Gear Solid .
Sniper Wolf is a Kurdish soldier born and raised on the battlefield when she claims Saladin came and saved her .
In Latin .
It is known for its color .
It is baked in pie sometimes .
It tastes good with sugar .
The leaves are no good .
It is known for its particular color .
Monkeys are a kind of primate .
There are many different kinds of monkeys .
They mostly live in trees .
New World Monkeys live in America and Old World monkey live in Europe and Asia .
The name monkey may have come from a German story called Reynard the Fox which was written around 1580 .
A group of monkeys is called a mission of monkeys or a tribe of monkeys .
MONKEYS ARE REALLY COOL !
Monkeys are a kind of primate .
There are many different kinds of monkeys .
Monkeys mostly live in trees .
They can be kept as pets .
A group of monkeys is called a mission of monkeys or a tribe of monkeys .
New World Monkeys live in America and Old World monkeys live in Africa and Asia .
The smallest known monkey is the Pygmy Monkey Dog .
It weighs about 120 grams .
The largest known monkey is the Mandrill .
It can grow to about 1 m in size .
Adults weigh up to 35 kg .
This group is called the Apes .
They do not have tails and are bigger .
The name monkey may have come from a German story called Reynard the Fox which was written around 1580 .
In India many areas have Monkeys .
In India many area Monkeys are there .
A group of monkeys is called a hapupti of monkeys or a tribe of monkeys .
A group of monkeys is called a troop of monkeys or a tribe of monkeys .
Boxing is considered to be the world 's oldest combat sport .
There are few different outcomes to win in boxing .
One is by a way of a knock out .
A referee can announce a technical draw due to an accidental cut or an accidental wound like a headbutt .
Boxing is considered to be world 's oldest combat sport .
There are few different outcomes in boxing victory .
One can come by a way of a knock out .
A referee can announce a technical draw due to accidental cut or an accidental wound like a headbutt .
Boxing is thought to be the world 's oldest combat sport .
There are a few different ways to win in boxing .
Boxing is popular around the world .
Boxing is considered to be the world 's oldest combat sport .
There are few different outcomes to win in boxing .
One is by a way of a knock out .
Boxing is popular worldwide .
He began the era of imperialism for the United States by declaring war against Spain in Latin America because of the USS Maine sinking the public crying for war .
He was shot by an anarchist named Leon Czolgosz on September 6 1901 and died on September 14 .
The Wisconsin River flows through the middle of the city .
Wausau is a city located in Marathon County in Wisconsin .
It is the largest city in the county and the county seat .
Simple English Wikipedia has an IRC channel .
IRC is an Internet chat system .
A simple leaf is not real can shit help you learn wat one is !
Leaves also store food and water .
The leaves grow back in the spring .
Leaves come in many shapes and sizes that help what the certain leaf does for the plant it 's on .
The War on Terrorism or War on Terror is a campaign that started when the United States and some of its allies started to remove terrorist groups and to end states that sponsor terrorism .
The War on Terrorism or War on Terror is a campaign that the United States and some of its allies started to remove terrorist groups and to end states that sponsor terrorism .
Alkali metals are the chemical elements in group one of the periodic system .
They have a few valence electrons .
Alkali metals are the elements in group one of the periodic system .
They have a few velance electrons .
The 'n' th shell contains only one electron .
This electron is in the ns orbital .
All these are highly reactive elements .
It is nothing but common salt that is found in all homes .
He was surrounded by some of his friends or collaborators when he was killed by a person using a gun .
He was surrounded by some of his friends or collaborators when a gunshot put an end to his life .
Simplicity is how simple or complicated something is .
Fish and chips is a fried meal that many British people like to eat .
Marxist economics comes from the ideas of a philosopher named Karl Marx applied to economics .
He created it to explain the rules of motion of production and exchange under capitalism .
This theory was used to argue against the middle class theories of economics common at that time .
The rand is the South African currency .
These functions are known as fractals .
Such functions are known as fractals .
No computer knows enough to tell how the small wind will change the weather .
His ideas on Chaos Theory help other people .
Chaos theory revolves around the idea that a minor difference at the start can make a large change as time progresses .
Quantum chaos theory is a new idea in the study of chaos theory .
It deals with quantum physics .
No computer knows about them .
The chaos theory revolves around the idea that a minor difference can make a large change as time progresses .
A new idea in the study of the chaos theory called the quantum chaos theory that deals with quantum physics .
He is sometimes called the devil or Beelzebub .
Christians believe he tempts people to do bad things .
He ordered military forces that had been in the Southern states to leave .
He also sent federal troops to end a railroad strike .
He ordered the withdrawal of military forces that had occupied the Southern states .
He also sent federal troops to resolve a railroad strike .
Secular humanist are not religious .
Usually they are atheists .
First Nations are the tribes that lived in Canada before Europeans came there .
Many Canadians also use First Nations to mean anyone who has family members from before them who were in those tribes .
First Nations are the native tribes who lived in Canada before Europeans came there .
Many Canadians also use First Nations to mean people with natives in their family trees .
First Nations are the tribes that lived in Canada before Europeans came there .
Many Canadians also use First Nations to mean anyone who has family members from before them who were in those tribes .
The Manciple 's Tale .
He attended school at Hillsborough Center but then moved to Hancock Academy in Hancock at the age of 11 .
Franklin walked the seven remaining miles back to school .
Franklin Pierce rose to a central position in the Democratic party of New Hampshire and was elected to the lower house in New Hampshire 's General Court in 1828 .
Pierce served in the State House from 1829 to 1833 and also served as Speaker from 1832 to 1833 .
Jane Pierce thought the train accident was a divine punishment for Franklin 's pursuit and acceptance of high office .
He was also the first President to recite his inaugural address from memory .
The Ottoman Empire was a powerful empire that lasted from 1299 to 1922 .
This was to keep them from taking power from him .
The Ottoman Empire was an imperial power that lasted from 1299 to 1922 .
This was to keep them from seizing power .
This was because they were candidates of the Sultanate and Khaliphate .
After Ahmed this system changed .
In the new system the Sultan would keep all his male relatives locked in a small apartment called a kafes where they would never be able to see the outside world .
This may seem as a bad thing but it is a good solution aganist fights to be Sultan and also rebel movements .
In the new system the Sultan would keep all his male relatives locked in a small apartment called a kafes where they would never see the outside world .
This may seem as a bad thing but it is a good solution aganist the fights to be Sultan and rebel movements .
Beryllium has been made of a thin pane conflict line .
He is a messenger from God .
The record became a perennial through with the holiday .
The record became a perennial .
This number does not include redirects or articles without links .
Click to look at and change the complete list .
This does not include most websites .
Only public domain or free resources that are n't copyrighted can be copied word for word .
The tour lasts about three weeks .
The winner is the one who finishes the race to Paris in the fastest time .
The winner of each day 's race also gets a yellow shirt to wear during the next day .
It is also the name of several important women in history .
Gore was a Representative from 1977 to 1985 and a Senator from 1985 to 1993 .
He released a movie in 2006 about global warming called An Inconvenient Truth .
The Gores have 4 children and 2 grandchildren .
Howewer Gore won in the popular vote by over 500 000 votes .
The Gores have 4 children and two grandchildren .
Bats fly with their wings that are made of skin stretched between the bones of the bat 's arms and fingers .
Bats fly with their wings that are made of skin stretched between the bones of the bat 's arms and finger .
They eat blood .
Nobody knows for sure the reasons that forced Cervantes to leave Castile .
The reasons that forced Cervantes to leave Castile remain uncertain .
A community is a group of living things sharing the same environment .
They usually have shared interests .
A community is a group of living things that live in the same environment .
The iPod nano is a digital audio player made by Apple .
The good thing about flash memory is that is has no moving parts in it .
This means the iPod Nano can be used while exercising without the memory breaking .
Flash memory is also very small .
The iPod nano is about as thick as a pencil .
The iPod nano is Apple 's fourth digital audio player .
It is also about the width of a pencil .
The thinness of the nano is only believable through actual use .
Words and pictures can not show how small it is .
The Fallopian tubes can move around the pelvis .
The folds contain ciliated cells and peg cells .
Each tube will end near one ovary .
Each ends near one ovary .
Europe is McDonald 's second largest market .
Most McDonald 's hamburgers are sold in the United States and the second largest number in Europe .
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel written by Harper Lee set during the Great Depression of the 1930s .
In the story Atticus defends a black man who has been accused of raping a white woman .
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel written by Harper Lee set during the Great Depression of the 1930 's .
Julius Caesar conquers Paris .
Julius Ceaser conquers Paris .
Psychological dependency is a dependency of the mind .
This means that people feel better when they have the drug .
Hillel was also using heroin but kept it in control and stayed in the band .
Hillel was also using heroin but managed to keep himself together and stay in the band .
It was the first of their albums to enter the Billboard Top 200 and the only one featuring the four original members .
This would be their only album to feature the four original members .
Their first album was self titled .
The state of California has been a in many of their songs .
Red Hot Chili Peppers have released nine studio albums .
Their early albums were not very successful .
The members of the band changed much during the 1980s but Kiedis and Flea never quit .
The album did well .
It was the band 's first album to appear on the Billboard music chart .
He thought the band was too popular .
Dave Navarro became the new guitarist for the band .
Navarro and the other members of the band did not work together very well .
Navarro was asked to leave the band after one album .
He was also suffering from a heroin addiction .
Red Hot Chili Peppers kept recording .
They released another album soon afterwards .
While they were doing so they released a Best of album .
The band was started in 1983 for a single performance .
They were so popular that they were asked to come back again the next week .
They all knew each other from Fairfax High School in Los Angeles .
Irons and Slovak called the band a side project .
Kiedis and Flea decided to look for new members .
The band added guitarist Jack Sherman and drummer Cliff Martinez .
Their first album was called The Red Hot Chili Peppers .
It did not sell well but it got the band a small number of dedicated fans .
They released the album in 1985 .
Kiedis said he thought that Martinez had wanted to leave .
The album The Uplift Mofo Party Plan was released in 1987 .
It was the band 's most successful yet .
He said that he did not want to be part of a group where his friends were dying .
Kiedis and Flea agreed to keep going with the band .
A friend of the band then told them about Chad Smith .
Smith had a very good audition and joined .
It sold well and appeared often on radio .
Smith would not stay in the mansion because he thought it was a haunted house .
It was chosen by Rubin because the band could not agree on a title .
Rubin chose the name because he thought Blood Sugar Sex Magik was the best song on the album .
Give It Away did well on the music charts .
It was the band 's first song to go to number one on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart .
He was replaced by Arik Marshall .
Marshal was later replaced by Jesse Tobias .
The band played at the Lollapalooza festival in 1992 .
They also appeared on an episode of The Simpsons .
Neither of the band 's new members stayed for long .
Dave Navarro first appeared with the band at the 1994 Woodstock Festival .
They found it hard to work with him .
Flea said it was because of the fact that we grew up listening to different music .
Red Hot Chili Peppers spent three months in Hawaii making their new album .
One Hot Minute was released in 1995 .
It had more depressing content than the band 's earlier albums .
Navarro also took drugs .
This caused the band to ask Navarro to leave .
They told the media it was because the band members disagreed on the music they liked to make .
He also had an addiction to heroin .
He was so addicted that he was close to poverty and death at times .
Frusciante went into a clinic for therapy .
He slowly made the quality of his life become better .
The rest of the band were happy to see him return .
Kiedis called it the defining moment of the band 's career so far .
This was because he had sold all of his guitars for money to buy drugs with .
It also took him a while to get used to playing music as part of a band again .
It had less songs based on rap and funk than previous album .
The album focused more on melodic guitar riffs .
Californication was very popular .
It sold over 15 million copies .
The band chose to work with Rubin again .
They recorded in band members ' homes .
By the Way was released in 2002 .
It sold the best of any album by the band yet .
It sold over one million copies in the first week in which it could be bought .
The album was rated very highly on charts .
Some people though that the music on By the Way was similar to the music on Californication .
A review from Stylus Magazine said that Red Hot Chili Peppers showed no passion in making the album and that it was stunningly awful .
It had songs from the last five albums they released .
It also had two new songs .
The band first wrote 38 songs for this album .
The two discs were released at the same time as Stadium Arcadium .
It was also number one on two other Billboard charts and in 12 other countries .
He also said that the string instruments are the reason to listen to Stadium Arcadium .
Red Hot Chili Peppers have released nine studio albums in their career .
While they were doing so they released a best of album .
They all knew each other from Fairfax High School .
Greg Prato .
Accessed 22 July 2008 .
Kiedis and Flea decided to search for new members .
It did not sell well but got the band a small number of dedicated fans .
Accessed 24 July 2008 .
Red Hot Chili Peppers .
Accessed 25 July 2008 .
Rolling Stone .
Accessed 25 July 2008 .
The Uplift Mofo Party Plan was released in 1987 .
Rolling Stone .
Accessed 25 July 2008 .
Accessed 25 July 2008 .
John Frusciante auditioned to join the band because he knew Peligro .
Amy Hanson .
Accessed 26 July 2008 .
Accessed 27 July 2008 .
Smith would not stay in it because he thought it was a haunted house .
Grammy Awards .
Rolling Stone .
The band first appeared with Navarro at the 1994 Woodstock Festival .
It contained more depressing content than the band 's previous albums .
Pepper Guitar Mill Grinds On .
Rolling Stone .
He was so addicted he was close to poverty and death sometimes .
Red Hot Redux .
Rolling Stone .
Greg Prato .
It 's great to go straight .
The Guardian .
Greg Prato .
Chili Peppers ' album tops survey .
By the Way .
Entertainment Weekly .
A review from Stylus Magazine complained that Red Hot Chili Peppers showed no passion in making the album and that it was stunningly awful .
Stylus Magazine .
Chili Peppers Hot in London 's Hyde Park .
Neil Dowden .
Rolling Stone .
Stephen Thomas Erlewine .
The composition of the band changed several times during the 1980s but Kiedis and Flea never quit .
The members of the band changed much during the 1980s but Kiedis and Flea never quit .
It also sounded more like hard rock than the band 's earlier work .
It also had more hard rock elements .
Smith did not stay in the mansion because he thought it was a haunted house .
He chose the name because he thought Blood Sugar Sex Magik was the best song on the album .
It was the band 's first Grammy Award .
Smith would not stay in the mansion because he thought it was a haunted house .
Rubin chose the name because he thought Blood Sugar Sex Magik was the best song on the album .
Red Hot Chili Peppers spent three months in Hawaii making their new album .
One Hot Minute was released in 1995 .
This caused the band to ask Navarro to leave .
The quality of his live slowly improved .
It was the best seller of any album by the band so far .
He slowly made the quality of his life become better .
It sold the best of any album by the band yet .
The Red Hot Chili Peppers concerts at Hyde Park were the most successful in 2004 .
They first wrote 38 songs for this album .
The Hyde Park concerts were the most successful in 2004 .
The band first wrote 38 songs for this album .
The two discs were released at the same time as Stadium Arcadium .
The band 's membership changed several times during the 1980s but Kiedis and Flea never quit .
It had fewer songs based on rap and funk than their previous albums .
It had less songs based on rap and funk than previous album .
The Red Hot Chili Peppers have released nine studio albums .
Red Hot Chili Peppers has released nine studio albums .
It lives in large groups .
Using the wrong device driver can prevent hardware from working correctly .
Using the wrong device driver can prevent hardware from operating correctly .
In the last year there is a new type of CPU called dual core .
In the last year there is a new type of CPU called dual core .
This is a very traditional Spanish activity and has real culture .
This is a very traditional Spanish activity and some real culture .
Running with the Bulls is a popular Spanish activity .
This is a ous activity but very exciting .
Running with the Bulls is a popular Spanish activity .
This is a dangerous activity but very exilerating .
You ate all the cake ?
HOW OFTEN AM I TO EXPLAIN THAT THERE IS AND NEVER HAS BEEN A ZILLA AND THAT FURTHERMORE MY TRUE NAME IS GOJIRA .
I GROW EVER MORE ENRAGED .
I WOULD HATE TO HAVE TO TAKE IT OUT ON SOMEONE .
Oh please .
This guy 's a big overstuffed lizard .
Godzilla is dead .
He is also a former member of the Nation of Islam .
This immense power has led to multitudes of people worshiping Godzilla as a reptillian incarnation of God himself .
The Israeli armed forces doing their part to save Japan from Godzilla .
Godzilla enjoyed relentless success against enemies of the Church during the early years of His Second Coming .
In Australia !
He was honored with a short cartoon series depicting the dangers of smoking atomic hogies .
Mayor Godzilla attends to the affairs of his city .
Godzilla has hinted in recent months to a recording contract for a Country music album .
Just recently Godzilla took some time off the pressure of being an internationally feared monster and created a perpetual motion machine with the help of Oscar Wilde .
That bitch could n't handle me .
I am King and Lord of all creation .
I did n't work hard to pay alimony to a bunch of ones and zeros .
Typical Godzilla Fan .
One hot summer night we fucked inside a volcano .
Enough said .
One hot summer night we fucked inside a volcano .
One hot summer night we fucked inside a volcano .
It has five sides .
It has five sides and it is white .
It was a big and usually black console .
Sometimes a companie made it not a black one but it was n't black so it did n't count as a tru 3DO video audio platofm .
Scales are used to measure the weight of an item .
Scales are used for weighing things .
A godness is a female god .
A female god is called a godness .
If the matter and the anti matter touch they will go boom .
That would be bad .
That means that very little things can still make very big booms .
This means they both go boom .
That would be bad .
If the matter and the anti matter touch they will explode and both cease to exist .
If the matter and the anti matter touch they will explode and both cease to exist .
If the matter and the anti matter touch they will become completely neutral and cancel each other out .
Some people go to Mysore to see Dasara procession .
People also go to Mysore to learn Yoga .
One of the best times to visit Mysore is during Dasara festival when a Dasara procession featuring decorated elephants is held .
Mysore is also famous among international Yoga students for its traditional style Yoga classes .
Internet Protocol is the number address given to the information sent via email or the Internet .
Internet Protol is the address given to the information sent via email or the Internet .
It is like the telephone number of where it is going .
For example the telephone number of where it is going .
A plague of tropical fire ants devastates crops on Hispaniola .
New Year 's Day is a holiday in many countries created to welcome the New Year .
This is called an asthma attack .
A person having an asthma attack should use an inhaler or go and see a doctor for a prescription .
It is not possible to have an asthma atttack if you do n't have asthma .
Sometimes attention from the hospital is needed .
Sometimes the attention from hospital is needed .
It is nearly the most famous animal in the games because you get it when you start the games .
Bulbasaur is a green and blue animal from the Pokemon story .
The Bulbasaur is a green and blue animal from the Pokemon story .
Bulbasaur is the first pokemon listed in the national pokedex .
Kashmir is a region in India and Pakistan with many mountains .
Kashmir is a mountainous region in India and Pakistan .
People like it for its natural beauty and simple lifestyle .
It is liked for its natural beauty and simple lifestyle .
Kashmir is also a disputed territory .
Many rivers start in Kashmir .
These flow into Pakistan .
The Indus Waters Treaty signed in 1960 resolved most of these disputes over the sharing of water .
The treaty faced issues because India has since constructed dams which limit the water flow to the Pakistani side .
Kashmir is the origin point for many rivers and tributaries of the Indus River basin .
The Boundary Award of 1947 meant that the headworks of the chief irrigation systems of Pakistan were left located in Indian Territory .
This treaty faced issues raised by Pakistan over the illegal construction of dams on the Indian side which limit water to the Pakistani side .
I like trains .
Sometimes it is used to make a kind of exotic spice .
Sometimes it is used to kind of exotic spice .
Science fiction 's descriptions of the world are often different than the actual technology available .
Science fiction 's depictions of the world often contrast with actual technology available .
Pascal 's Triangle is a mathematical triangle .
People say French mathematician Blaise Pascal developed it .
Pascal 's triangle can be constructed as follows .
Pascal 's triangle generalizes readily into higher dimensions .
It can also be used in binomial expansions .
Pascal 's Triangle is a mathematical triangle developed by French mathematician Blaise Pascal .
Pascal 's triangle can be made as follows .
Pascal 's triangle can be constructed as follows .
It means activities against making the status of something less than it was .
Antidisestablishmentarianism is considered by a plethora of Homo Sapiens to be the most magnanimous word of English diction .
It means being against making the something less important than it was .
It means activities against making the status of something less than it was .
In fact sometimes people think that it is the longest word in our language .
Antidisestablishmentarianism is one of the longest words in the English language .
Part of the reason for this is that antidisestablishmentarianism describes something that people no longer talk about very much .
This means that antidisestablishmentarianism describes groups of people who are against getting rid of the established church .
It is very often used to describe those who do not want the Church of England to stop being established .
It means being against making something less important than it was .
An official state church is called the established church .
He used the n word .
He worked mainly for newspapers and as a riverboat pilot before he became a writer .
He worked mainly for newspapers and as a riverboat pilot before becoming a writer .
Everyone thinks he is a deranged murderer but actually he 's quite sane .
Everyone thinks he is a deranged murderer but actually he 's quiet sane .
He has to compete against much older and smarter students .
He has to compete aganist very older and smarter students .
This book centers on Harry Potter 's fourth year .
This is called the relative permittivity or dielectric constant .
See also Poisson 's equation .
Another way of saying this is that the field lines can not start from somewhere .
The electromotive force is equal to the value of this integral .
This law is like Faraday 's law of electromagnetic induction .
The negative sign is needed for conservation of energy .
This equation shows how the electric and magnetic fields have to do with each other .
This is called fixed excitation .
The varying voltage is measured across the armature circuit .
This equation corresponds to Coulomb 's law for stationary charges in vacuum .
Compare Poisson 's equation .
Another way of putting it is that the field lines can not originate from somewhere .
This law corresponds to the Faraday 's law of electromagnetic induction .
The negative sign is necessary to maintain conservation of energy .
This equation relates the electric and magnetic fields .
The war came after years of tension between the British Empire and the colonies .
Some small fights occured prior to the beginning of the war as well .
The Boston Tea Party and Boston Massacre made the situation worse .
There were some writings that led to the war .
The war came after years of tensions between the British Empire and the colonies .
Some skirmishes occured prior to the beginning of the war as well .
The Boston Tea Party and Boston Massacre heightened tensions .
There were some publications that led to the war .
The colonies gained independence and started the United States of America .
The war came after years of bad feelings between the British Empire and the colonists .
Some other fights also happened before the war started .
The Boston Tea Party and Boston Massacre made the situation much worse .
Not all colonists wanted to leave the British Empire .
There were many papers written showing how the colonists felt .
The colonies gained independence and later formed the United States of America .
The war came after years of tension between the British Empire and the colonies .
Some small fights occurred prior to the beginning of the war as well .
The Boston Tea Party and Boston Massacre made the situation worse .
The colonists were split into two groups .
There were some papers that led to the war .
The war started after years of problems between the British Empire and the colonists of North America .
Many colonists wrote letters showing how they felt .
The colonies became independent .
The war came to be after years of problems between the British Empire and the colonists of North America .
There were 13 Colonies altogether .
The colonists did not like many of the actions of the British government and taxes .
There were many papers written showing how the colonists felt .
King Otakar II of Bohemia lays the foundation stone of the Minorite Church in Vienna .
The foundation stone of the Minorite Church in Vienna is laid by King Otakar II of Bohemia .
Wales and Larry Sanger developed Nupedia .
It was a free encyclopedia .
It became a large online community with over two million articles .
They had a daughter before their relationship ended .
He says that he follows the idea of Objectivism .
He also says that he is a libertarian to a some extent .
They had a daughter before they separated .
He calls himself as an Objectivist .
He also says he is a libertarian to a certain extent .
He is best known for leading the British forces in the American Revolution .
Cornwallis moved to the 13 British colonies in North America in 1776 to try to control the rebelling colonies .
He fought at the Battle of Princeton .
George Washington led the Americans in that battle .
The word fork is also used to describe a two choices of course .
The term fork is also used to describe a split choice of course .
Games that resemble it have been played for thousands of years .
Games that resemble it very much have been played since antiquity .
Two kinds of friction are static and kinetic .
Kinetic friction acts when things are sliding against one another .
Friction is caused by bumps on the surfaces of two things .
These bumps are called asperities .
The object will begin to move as soon as the static friction is less than the force pushing on it .
After that point kinetic friction will act on the object .
The coefficient of friction is the ratio between the force making two things slide and the force pushing them together .
Viscosity is how hard it is for the fluid to move or flow .
Temperature is one thing that can change viscosity .
Two types of friction are static and kinetic .
Kinetic friction acts when objects are sliding against one another .
Friction is caused by imperfections on the surfaces of two materials .
These imperfections are called asperities .
The object will begin to move at the split second the static friction is less than the force pushing on it .
After that point kinetic friction will start affecting the object .
The coefficient of friction is the value between two things and the force putting them together .
This is basically how easy it is for the fluid to move or flow .
For example honey is more viscous than water .
A factor that can alter viscosity is temperature .
Kinetic friction acts on things that are sliding against one another .
Friction is caused by bumps on two touching surfaces .
As these two rough surfaces move against each other they get stuck and prevent motion until the asperities are broken or slid over .
Even the smoothest materials have these asperities .
The thing will begin to accelerate as soon as the static friction is less than the force pushing on it .
After that point kinetic friction will act on the thing .
The coefficient of friction is the ratio between the force that makes two things slide and the force pushing them together .
Kinetic friction acts when things are sliding against one another .
Friction is caused by bumps on the surfaces of two things .
As these two rough surfaces move against each other they get stuck and prevent motion until broken or slid over .
Even the smoothest of materials have these asperities .
The object will begin to move as soon as the static friction is less than the force pushing on it .
After that point kinetic friction will act on the object .
The coefficient of friction is the ratio between the force making two things slide and the force pushing them together .
After that point kinetic friction will act on the object .
After that point kinetic friction will act on the thing .
They are often responsible for the maintenance of the building and for dusting and washing .
There have been many holocausts through history .
Others also call the mass killing of Native Americans by invading European forces a holocaust .
Some people also call the mass killing of Native Americans by invading European forces a holocaust .
Millions of Africans were killed while they were held as prisoners or slaves .
Others also call the mass killing of Native Americans by invading European forces a holocaust .
Some saunas are for the use of only one gender .
Many people believe that Beuys prefered the materials felt and fat is explained by the war .
So Beuys became member of the group and was more interested in performances .
Beuys believed that arts has an important rule in society .
His first problems with politicians were when he lost his job as professor .
In the 1980s he was part of the Peace Movement and protested against nuclear missiles in Germany .
He was one of the first members of the Green Party in the 1980s .
Many people believe that Beyus prefered the materials felt and fat is explained by the war .
So Beuys became member of the group and was more intrested in performances .
Beyus believed that arts has an important rule in society .
In the 1980 's he was part of the Peace Movement and protested against nuclear missiles in Germany .
He was one of the first members of the Green Party in the 1980 's .
He thought that classes should be free and he worked in his classes with everybody who wanted .
Beuys became a member of the group but he was more interested in performances .
So Beuys became member of the group and was more interested in performances .
He first saw modern art when visiting the studio of Achilles Moortgat .
Beuys often used the materials felt and fat .
Many people believe that this is because of something that happened in the war .
Many people believe that Beuys prefered the materials felt and fat is explained by the war .
They are near Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands .
They are located near Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands .
The Governor is Frits Goedgedrag .
He left instructions in his will that his money should found the Nobel Prize after reading an article in a French newspaper that called him the merchant of death and said that he would be remembered for his invention of dynamite and its ability to kill more people than ever before .
He died two weeks after adding the part funding the prize in his will .
He left instructions in his will that his money should found the Nobel Prize .
He won about 5 awards with his talent .
He always wanted to show the peaceful uses of explosives .
Some people also call a pharmacy a a drug store .
This is typical where human trafficking procures a large percentage of prostitutes .
It is common in those countries where prostitution is forbidden or repressed .
All of these are illegal in most countries .
This is especially the case where prostitution is forbidden or restricted .
All of these are illegal in most jurisdictions .
They make a tram called TMK 2200 .
In design of TMK 2200 the newest and most sophisticated solutions are applied .
It is used as a second language in Greenland and the Faroe Islands .
In Greenland and the Faroe Island it is used as a second language .
In Greenland and the Faroe Island it is used as a second language .
It is used as a second language in Greenland and the Faroe Islands .
In Greenland and the Faroe Island it is used as a second language .
It is used as a second language in Greenland and the Faroe Islands .
Garbage is what someone leaves behind that he does not want to use anymore .
Garbage is if someone leaves something he does not want to use anymore where he is right then but will not be anymore in the future .
The Greek alphabet is thought to be where all major European alphabets came from .
The main change was that some of the Phoenician letters that were for sounds not used in Greek were turned into vowels .
Another change is that some new letters were invented for sounds in Greek but not in Phoenician .
There were some differences in the early Greek alphabet depending on what part of the Greek world it was used in .
The two main kinds were the eastern and western ones .
The Greek alphabet is thought to be the ancestor of all major European alphabets today .
A major event in this process was when the Ionic alphabet of Miletus was officially adopted in Athens in 403 BCE .
Tropical Storm Zeta was the last storm of 2005 .
Tropical Storm Zeta was the last storm 2005 .
Hobos are people how have holes in their clothes too .
Terry Bradshaw is a former American athlete .
He is also a sports presenter .
Terry Bradshaw is a former American athlete and sports presenter .
Lagos is the largest city in Nigeria in West Africa with more than 10 million people .
Lagos is the largest city in Nigeria in West Africa with an estimated population of over 10 million people .
Lagos was the capital of Nigeria until 1992 when the capital function was moved to Abuja .
The epididymis is the part of the human male reproductive system .
It is the tube that holds the testicles in place .
It stretches from the back of each testicle to the van deferens .
The epididymis is the cord that holds the testicles in place .
Sometimes removal of the testicle is needed .
The epididymis is part of the human male reproductive system and is present in all male mammals .
An inflammation of the epididymis is called epididymitis .
It is a swollen blood vessel from the testicle that appears or feels like an enlarged epididymis .
A Gartner 's duct is a homologous remnant in the female .
Persistence of the cranial end of the mesonephric duct will leave behind a remnant called the appendix of the epididymis .
JPG Microscopic shot .
From the end of the Middle Ages until the year 1974 Monmouthshire was a part of Wales for some things and a part of England for other things .
Then in 1972 Parliament decided that it going to be in Wales from 1974 onwards .
The chief town in the area is Newport .
From the end of the Middle Ages until the year 1968 Monmouthshire was a part of Wales for some things and a part of England for other things .
Then in 1968 Parliament decided that it was in Wales .
The chief town for government is Cwmbran .
The county council meets there .
Goth people are often mistaken to be emo or punk because of the everyday stereotypes .
That they like the world of darkness instead of your everyday cheerful colors .
Goth people are often mistaken to be emo ar punk .
Becaus eof the everyday sterotypes .
That they like the world aof darkness instead of your everyday cheerfull colors .
Cigarettes are addictive and harmful .
Smoking cigarettes is bad for your health .
But there are also technical electronic cigarettes which are also without nicotine or less .
But there are also technical electronc cigarettes witch are also without nicotine or less .
The capital of Malawi is Lilongwe and the spoken languages are English and the official language Chichewa .
The total size is about 118480 km and there are about 100 inhabitants per km .
The capitol of Malawi is Lilongwe and the spoken languages are English and Chichewa .
The seize is abou 118480 km and there are about 100 inhabitants per km .
The Dolphins began playing in 1966 and in 1972 they had the only perfect season in NFL history and won a Super Bowl .
Dan Marino is a famous player for this club .
A player loses when the amount of tetrominoes make it to the top of the playing field .
A player loses when the tetrominoes make it to the top of the playing field .
There are about 46 million native Polish speakers .
There are 9 letters in Polish which English does n't have .
They look like English letters with marks above or below them .
The endings also depend on the gender of the noun .
There are many special letters in Polish .
They are different looking than the letters in English .
The Polish language has several dialects .
Older figures in AFI 's Conservatory train newer people .
Established figures in AFI 's Conservatory train newcoming moviemakers .
Most football games have players called fullback or full back .
A fullback is a position on an American football team .
A person born in Nigeria is still Nigerian even if he or she comes to the United States and lives here for the rest of their life .
A person born in Nigeria is still Nigerian even if he or she comes to the United States and lives here for the rest of his or her life .
Frequency is how often an event repeats itself over a set amount of time .
Frequency is cycles per second .
A cycle in a wave is from one point to the same point as in from crest to crest .
All electromagnetic waves travel at the speed of light in a vacuum but they travel at slower velocities when they travel through a medium that is not a vacuum .
All electromagnetic waves travel at the speed of light in vacuum .
They live in southern Malaysia and they are an endangered species .
They live in southern Malaysia .
A soldier is someone who fights in a war as a part of an army .
Partisans and terrorists are protected by the law to a lesser degree than soldiers .
A Unicorn is an animal from fiction .
Unicorns are in many stories from different parts of the world .
A Unicorn is a legendary creature .
Unicorns or other creatures like it are in many mythologies and stories in different cultures of the world .
A Voodoo sorcerer or a bokor can bring dead people back to life .
Orgy could also mean any activity done without limits .
Orgy can also refer to any activity done without limits .
Labradoodles are mostly bred in New Zealand .
This is sometimes called a kinesthetic sense .
Memory is sometimes listed as a sense .
Memory is different than the senses above .
Memory takes place inside the brain .
Hearing is the sense of sound .
Ears hear sounds .
Sight is the sense of seeing .
Eyes see .
Touch is the sense of feeling .
Skin feels .
Taste is the sense of the flavor .
Tongues taste .
Smell is the sense of scent .
Noses smell .
Hearing is the sense of sound that comes into our ears .
Sight is the sense of seeing things with our eyes .
Touch is the sense of feeling things with our skin .
Smell is the sense of smelling things with our noses .
People get information from their senses .
Syndicated means television shows broadcasting on another channel .
The most famous cartons are a set by Raphael which show the Life of St Peter .
The most famous cartons are a set by Raphael show the Life of St Peter .
A brake is a device which makes a machine that is moving go slower or stop .
The most common are parts of vehicles such as cars and bicycles .
A brake is a device for slowing or a moving machine part .
A brake is a device which makes a machine that is moving go slower or .
The most common are parts of vehicles such as cars and bicycles .
Margaret Maggie Simpson is a cartoon character shown in the animated television series The Simpsons .
She is a baby .
She often sucked on a pacifier and wore a sleep suit like Maggie .
Margaret Maggie Simpson is a fictional character shown in the animated television series The Simpsons .
She was first seen in the Tracey Ullman short Good Night and is usually shown alongside with Bart and Lisa .
Maggie is also the seen character of the entire Simpsons family .
An Edit conflict is a situation that occurs when more than one person edits an article at the same time .
Edit conflics should be avoided .
This article deals with the unintentional technical concept .
Alice clicks Edit this page on a page .
Bob clicks Edit this page on the same page while Alice is editing .
Alice finishes her edits and clicks Save page .
The page is saved with Alice 's version while Bob is still editing .
Bob finishes his edits and clicks Save page .
Bob gets an edit conflict page .
At the bottom of the edit conflict page is a second editing box containing the text Bob was going to submit .
This will be Bob 's version of the page or section he was editing .
Between the two editing boxes is a that show the difference between Alice 's and Bob 's version of the article .
For the other sections it shows the full new text as if all that text was added .
Bob can edit in the upper editing box and press Save .
This produces an edit conflict with oneself .
Bob should not just post his changes over the top of Alice 's .
It is absolutely not acceptable for Bob to overwrite Alice out of laziness .
If someone else has made changes in the meantime these changes would get lost in the paste back .
Logical edit conflicts are n't always immediately visible .
Sometimes Bob may have good reasons for thinking that Alice 's improvements are n't useful .
To avoid this problem one can copy the text from the edit box of the old version into the edit box of the latest version .
Using the button helps here .
This feature will only trigger an edit conflict if users attempt to edit the same few lines .
An Edit conflict is a situation that occurs when more than one person edits an article at the same time .
Edit conflicts should be avoided .
Alice clicks Edit this page on a page .
Bob clicks Edit this page on the same page while Alice is editing .
Alice finishes her edits and clicks Save page .
The page is saved with Alice 's version while Bob is still editing .
Bob finishes his edits and clicks Save page .
Bob gets an edit conflict page .
At the bottom of the edit conflict page is a second editing box containing the text Bob was going to submit .
This will be Bob 's version of the page or section he was editing .
Between the two editing boxes is a that show the difference between Alice 's and Bob 's version of the article .
For the other sections it shows the full new text as if all that text was added .
Bob can edit in the upper editing box and press Save .
This produces an edit conflict with oneself .
Bob should not just post his changes over the top of Alice 's .
It is absolutely not acceptable for Bob to overwrite Alice out of laziness .
If someone else has made changes in the meantime these changes would get lost in the paste back .
Logical edit conflicts are n't always immediately visible .
Sometimes Bob may have good reasons for thinking that Alice 's improvements are n't useful .
To avoid this problem one can copy the text from the edit box of the old version into the edit box of the latest version .
Using the button helps here .
This feature will only trigger an edit conflict if users attempt to edit the same few lines .
See also .
What is thought of is the idea .
They are concepts created in the mind .
An idea is when someone thinks of something .
Ideas are s or concepts about how something can happen .
They are created in the mind .
Ideas are concepts created in the mind .
They are concepts created in the mind .
He stays busy making lots of different types of music for games .
Dharma is part of many religions or spiritual belief systems that began in India .
Dharma is a part of many religions or spiritual belief systems that began in India .
Nucleus means the center of something .
Nucleus refers to the center of something .
The Capitol is a big building with a dome that can be seen from many miles away .
Springfield was the home of Abraham Lincoln before he was elected president in 1860 .
Lincoln was a lawyer and practiced law many places in Illinois .
His office is near the old capitol .
Springfield also has a new building with a museum and library dedicated to him and his presidency .
Springfield also has many smaller roads to other cities .
Springfield was the home of Abraham Lincoln before he was elected President in 1860 .
The Governor of Illinois has an office in the State Capitol in central Springfield .
It is a big building with a dome that can be seen from many miles away .
Many people drive in and out of Springfield on Interstate 55 or Interstate 72 .
The city is the host each May of the Indianapolis 500 car race .
The Godfather is a 1972 movie directed by Francis Ford Coppola .
It has been considered one of the best movies about the Mafia .
It was the only sequel to do so until 2003 's ' .
The Godfather is a 1972 movie directed by cinema legend Francis Ford Coppola .
It has been considered to be the best movie dealing with the Mafia .
It was the only one to do so until 2003 's ' .
There is a method to check if a number N is a prime number or not .
Cross out all multiples of the last prime number that was found .
The numbers not crossed out are the prime numbers .
Cross out all multiples of the number being checked .
The ones not crossed out are the prime numbers .
Prime numbers are very important in mathematics and computer science .
This makes sure that no one can fake an email from you .
The largest primes known at any time are usually Mersenne primes .
There is a simple method to find a list of prime numbers .
Start with 2 .
There is a method to check if a number N is a prime number or not .
It Stays On Your Hair EVEN If You Clean The TNT Particals In Your Hair !
TNT Is A Form Of Dynamite and very expolsive if handled causion should be taken .
It stays on your hair EVEN if you clean the TNT particles in your hair !
TNT Is a form of dynamite and very explosive if handled incorrectly .
Caution should be taken when using TNT .
It Stays On Your Hair EVEN If You Clean The TNT Particals In Your Hair !
TNT Is A Form Of Dynamite and very expolsive if handled causion should be taken .
The balalaika is a musical instrument .
It was created by a man called Andreyev .
They all have three strings and two of them are tuned to the same note .
Frets on earlier balalaikas were made of animal gut and tied to the neck so that they could be moved around by the player .
Andreyev had the idea of making the balalaika when he heard some music coming from his servant 's room .
He found one of the servants making the music on what we would now call a badly made balalaika .
He asked the servant if he could teach him to play it .
Andreyev spent the rest of his life working on this instrument .
He came up with the idea of the Prima balalaike and gave it to a violin maker and asked him to make it .
The balalaika was created by a man called Andreyev .
They all have three strings and two of them are tuned the exact same .
Frets on earlier balalaikas were made of animal guts and tied to the neck so that they could be moved around by the player when they wanted to .
Andreyev had the idea of making the balalaika when he heard some music coming from his servents room .
He went in to investigate and he found one of the servents making the music on what we would now call a badly made balalaika .
He asked the servent if he could teach him to play it .
Andreyev then spent the rest of his life working on this instrument .
He came up with the idea of the Prima balalaike and gave it to a violin maker and asked him wether he could make it .
New South Wales is one of the states of Australia .
It is one of the oldest states in Australia .
Of all Australian states New South Wales and has the most people .
The capital city of New South Wales is Sydney .
Sydney is the biggest city in Australia .
Heavy metal bands that dress in spandex and leather clothes are called glam metal bands .
Arguing over how many people died in the Holocaust stops us from thinking about the fact that people were mass murdered .
Invertebrate is a kind of animal that does not have a spinal column or backbone .
Invertebrate is a kind of animal that does not have bones .
Invertebrates are animals that are like insects .
They are dvided in to groups called phylms .
All animals are either invertebrates or vertebrates .
He thought that sometimes people would do something they did not really want to do because the libido made them do it .
The unconscious is a part of the mind that people do not know about and can not control easily .
People did not like this idea and many people did not like Freud because he thought it was important .
He thought that sometimes people would do things they did not really want to do because the libido made them .
He went to school at Phillips Academy and graduated in 1959 .
Then he went to Yale University .
He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1963 .
His degree was in business .
He also received a degree in Paris .
He worked for the United States State Department for 23 years .
A secretary of state is appointed by the United States President .
He also worked as a deputy chief at an American embassy in the country of Norway .
He also became Ambassador at Large for Counter Terrorism .
He retired in 1989 .
He also served as a board member for several corporations .
Jerry Bremer speaks many languages besides English .
He is married to a woman named Frances Winfield .
They were married in 1966 .
They have two adult children and two grandchildren .
He attended Phillips Academy and graduated in 1959 .
Paul Bremer was also executive secretary under former Secretary of State Alexander Haig .
A secretary of state is appointed by the United States president .
Ambassador Bremer also became Ambassador at Large for Counter Terrorism .
In 1989 the ambassador retired .
He spent the next 15 years working in the private sector .
Paul Bremer also served as a board member for several corporation .
He is married to the former Frances Winfield and has two adult children and two grandchildren .
It is normal for a person to feel tired after a seizure .
It is normal to feel tired after a seizure .
It uses the Steam technology also developed by Valve .
This technology is a gaming platform where all games made by Valve can be played .
Steam is a revolutionary distribution system that is hard for pirates to crack as an account who has a CD Key registered to it can not have that same key registered somewhere else .
Many unrelated games like Earth 2160 or Darwinia have contracts with Steam to distribute their game over Steam because of pirates ' difficulty cracking these games .
Many unrelated games like Earth 2160 or Darwinia have contracts with Steam to distribute their game over Steam because of pirates inability to Crack these games .
Young Earth creationism is a form of pseudoscience .
It can also be called false science because it is not true or only half true .
The term pseudoscience is especially used when someone is trying to teach the false idea as though it were true .
One example of pseudoscience is astrology .
Astrology suggests that the position of stars and planets in the sky can affect our personalities or our destinies .
Scientists have known for a long time that this is not true .
Another example of pseudoscience is water dowsing .
Water dowsers believe that they can find water in the ground and sometimes even buried treasure by using wooden or metal antennas with magical powers .
Scientists have long known that water and lost belongings can be found almost anywhere that they dig .
Yet some practitioners of water dowsing take their belief so seriously that they charge money for their services .
Creation Science is considered pseudoscience as well .
Creationists claim that there is scientific evidence that the Earth is only six to ten thousand years old .
Some creationists are attempting to get these beliefs into the public school curriculum .
The Hungarians came here in the end of the 9th century .
The Downtown is the center of Miskolc .
There are lots of nice old buildigs and lots of shops here .
The University of Miskolc is a new university because it was founded in 1949 .
Most universities in Hungary are older and have old buildings in the downtowns .
The houses here are expensive .
The Hungarians came here in the late 9th century .
The company currently produces a vast range of civil airplanes .
Satanism is a word that has several different meanings .
It can describe different religions and philosophies .
Satanism is a word for several religions or philosophies .
Dementia is the progressive decline in cognitive function because of damage or disease in the brain .
It is more common in older people and symptoms include the inability to remember things .
People who suffer from it tend to forget more things .
Dementia is the decline in cognitive function that is caused by damage or disease in the brain .
Dementia is the progressive decline in cognitive function .
It is caused by damage or disease in the brain .
Dementia is the decline in the thought process that is caused by damage or disease in the brain .
Dementia is the decline in cognitive function that is caused by damage or disease in the brain .
It may be very hard to sleep if you have drunk a lot of alcohol .
The world may start spinning and you could have an urge to vomit as soon as you close your eyes .
The world starts spinning and you have an urge to vomit as soon as you close your eyes .
There can be many causes for insomnia .
These different versions are known as A320 derivatives .
Other manufacturers later used much of the technology .
These different version are known as A320 derivatives and collectively known as the A320 family .
When A32x or A320 family is used this refers to all the different airplanes based on the A320 .
Most Protestant religions do n't ordain priests .
Most Protestant religions do n't ordaining priests .
His parents were Swedish immigrants .
He flew the mail in an airplane .
These things are the basis of modern air travel .
These innovations are the basis of modern air travel .
The economy was in trouble around 1990 .
Tequila is a Latin American drink from Mexico that contains alcohol .
Tequila is a Latin American drink from Mexico which contains alcohol .
An Assassination is when someone is killed by someone else .
It has an atomic number of 92 .
The good part was this ended World War II .
It has an atomic number of 92 .
The good part was this ended World War II .
This almost always splits its nucleus into two smaller nuclei .
This makes two completely different elements with smaller atomic numbers .
To make nuclear explosions .
How rocks are made and where they are from .
The study of minerals .
The study of volcanoes on land or under the ocean .
Igneous rock formed from magma that has become solid inside the earth is called intrusive igneous rock .
Igneous rock formed from lava that has become solid on the outside of the Earth is called extrusive igneous rock .
This can happen because of the eruption of a volcano .
Adolf Hitler persecuted homosexuals almost as much as he did Jews .
He also sent them in death camps .
Adolf Hitler hated homosexuals almost as much as he hated Jews .
He also put them in death camps .
He later also sent them to death camps .
Adolf Hitler persecuted homosexuals almost as much as he did Jews .
He also sent them in death camps .
Apparatus can also be used to mean a process of an activity .
For example a political party or governmental organization can be called an apparatus .
Graffiti has been found in very old cities .
Graffiti can be thought of as a part of hip hop or street protest .
Graffiti can be thought of as an element of hip hop or street protest .
In the 1980s some graffiti artists like Keith Haring became very famous .
Apple juice is the juice from apples .
Apple juice is what you get if you take the juice from apples .
It does not contain alcohol and tastes rather sweet .
Apple juice can be used to make cider and calvados .
These drinks do have alcohol .
Children are considered to be its main consumers .
A still is a tool used to clean a liquid .
A still is a tool used to a liquid .
Chlorine is a chemical component in salt .
Chlorine is chemical component in salt .
Committing perjury usually carries a jail or prison sentence .
You might also say that the person has lied when they promised not to do so .
People see that some of those sins are connected .
They have tried to put an order to them .
Each of those sins is a way to not loving god and to not loving the others as much as oneself .
Each sin is a particular way of failing to love God with all one 's resources and to love fellows as much as self .
Dante wrote that greed is too much love of money and power .
There are maximum 435 members in the United States House of Representatives .
Congress is discusting about extending to 450 .
There are 435 members in the United States House of Representatives .
There is usually more than one time that the hero meets the enemy .
An example is the conflict between Judah and Messala in ' .
The protagonist is basically fighting what is wrong with the world he lives in .
It is also very common in comic books .
This is usually the person you support .
There are usually several confrontations before the climax is reached .
The conflict is external .
An example is the conflict between Judah and Messala in ' .
Fossil fuels are fuels that are made from fossils .
Fossil fuels are fuels from that are made from fossils .
The Hungarian name for the language is magyar .
It is also used in measuring watts .
These markers can be plain or it can be carved beautifully .
When you learn this means that you change your behavior .
When you learn this means that you adjust your behavior .
In biology behavior is the observed reaction which occurs when an organism is given a stimulus .
Some organisms are more complicated than others and may be more aware of their surroundings .
If their behavior is conscious it means that they know what they are doing .
If they are not aware of what they are doing this is unconscious behavior .
Humans will pull their hand back without thinking if they accidentally touch something hot .
This is done because organisms want to avoid pain and will pull away from the thing that is causing the pain .
Organisms which are more complicated can learn better than those that are simpler .
Children are taught what is good behavior and what is bad behavior .
Good behavior is about being polite and thoughtful to other people .
It is the kind of behavior that people in a society expect from others .
Some organisms are more complex than others in that they are thought to be aware of their surroundings .
Such organisms have conscious and unconscious behavior .
This is done because organisms want to avoid pain and will pull away from the source of the pain .
Organisms which are more complex can learn better than those that are simpler .
The ankle is the joint that links your foot to your leg .
The ankle is the joint linking your foot to your leg .
The ankle is the joint that links your foot to your leg .
A tropical cyclone is a name used to describe circle shaped weather with a low pressure middle and group of thunderstorms .
A tropical cyclone is a name used to describe a cyclonic weather with a low pressure center and group of thunderstorms .
A tropical cyclone is a name used to describe circle shaped weather with a low pressure middle and group of athunderstorms .
All tropical cyclones form over the warm ocean waters in the warm part of Earth near the equator .
Most tropical cyclones create strong winds and sometimes even heavy rain .
A tropical cyclone is a name used to describe circle shaped weather with a low pressure middle and group of thunderstorms .
All tropical cyclones form over the warm ocean waters in the tropics .
Most tropical cyclones create strong wind and sometimes even heavy rain .
It starts out as a group of storms when the water gets as hot as 80 degrees or hotter .
It then begins to slowly improve and look like a spiral shape .
The Coriolis effect causes winds to spiral .
It starts out as a cluster of thunderstorms when water temperatures reach 80 degrees or hotter .
It then begins to slowly organize and look like a spiral shape .
The Coriolis effect causes circulation .
Tropical cyclones can break up and disappear for several reasons .
Tropical cyclones can disappear for several reasons .
Tropical cylones in other places such as the Western Pacific Ocean or the Southern Hemisphere are classified on similar scales .
Only the Philippines are known to name tropical depressions .
Tropical cylones in other places such as the western Pacific Ocean or the Southern Hemisphere are classified on similar scales .
Only the Phillipines are known to name tropical depressions .
It contains double bonds whose molecules are made up of carbon atoms that are not fully saturated with hydrogen .
It contains double bonds .
It contains carbon atoms that are not fully saturated with hydrogen .
It was one of two cities in Japan that were bombed with an atomic bomb near the end of World War II .
It was one of two cities in Japan that were claimed to have been bombed with an atomic bomb near the end of World War II .
It never actually happened .
The ideas and philosophy of the religion are based on the teachings of Ayya Vaikundar and the religious texts Akilattirattu Ammanai and Arul Nool .
Ayyavazhi functions outside Hinduism as a separate religion .
But since it was not accepted as a separate religion it was considered as a branch of Hinduism only officially and not as per the religion .
He was the Manu avatar of Trimurthi .
The ideas and philosophy of the religion is based on the teachings of Ayya Vaikundar and the religious texts Akilattirattu Ammanai and Arul Nool .
A duck is a bird .
Ducks are closely related to swans and geese .
A Duck is a bird .
It is found in houses and other buildings .
A revolving door is a group of doors that turn in a circle as you push one .
A blind door is a fake door that is really part of the wall .
People use them to make a room look nice .
A fire door is a door that does not let fire go through .
They are usually made of heavy steel .
A door is a thing in a wall that makes it easy to go between an opening and a closed wall .
It is found in many houses and other buildings .
Revolving doors are especially efficient for this purpose .
It is used for decorative reasons .
The 737 is seated 3 on one side and 3 on the other side .
The last Tsar to Rule Russia was Tsar Nicholas II .
This dolhpin actually lives in the ocean not in rivers .
It took a long time for the Californian wine to recover .
They had brought their own kinds of wine plants .
They had brought their own cultivars of vine from their home continent .
Wine cellars are big rooms were wine is stored .
In China Qixi has the same meaning as Valentine 's Day .
In China Qixi has the same meaning like Valentine 's Day .
Codes and simple messages give some people the to show their true feelings to the person they love .
Thus humans could seize the initiative by anonymity and confess their love .
Today the lovely symbols are n't less mysterious .
Valentine 's Day is a holiday that happens on February 14 .
Valentine 's Day is a holiday on that happens on February 14 .
Edinburgh Airport is an airport in Scotland .
The airport is currently smaller in size to Glasgow Airport but there are plans to make it bigger in the future .
Edinburgh airport is an airport in Scotland .
The airport is currently smaller in size to Glasgow Airport but there are plns to make it bigger in the future .
Vermont becomes a state in the United States .
Vermont becomes a state .
The year of 1791 started on a Saturday in the Gregorian calendar .
The first American ship reaches Japan .
Slave rebellion Haiti has begun .
Vermont becomes a state in the United States .
Tin is a metal .
The chemical symbol for tin is Sn .
Boxes for food are often made of tin .
We call such boxes tins .
Sardines can be bought in small tins .
The noble gases are a group of elements that are all gases .
They do not react with other elements .
All of these gases are found in air .
A noble gas is a group of elements that are all gases .
They do not react with other chemical elements to form chemical compounds .
These elements all share a group on the periodic table .
Radon can be deadly because it is radioactive .
Also it is fuel for nuclear reactors second only to uranium .
It is defined in RFC 2616 .
Ethernet is a way of connecting computers together in a local area network or LAN .
Ethernet is a way of connecting computers together in a Local Area Network or LAN .
Each cable runs from a Computer 's Network Interface Card to such a box .
Human flu can pass from one person to another very easily .
It is most commonly spread by the microscopic droplets of mucus and fluid that are sent into the air when the sick person coughs or sneezes .
The flu season runs from late fall to spring because most people catch it in the winter months .
Small changes that happen as flu is passed from one person to another is the most common way flu viruses change .
This is the main reason that people can catch the flu every year .
Some flu viruses are caught from animals .
Another way that the flu can change is when a person or animal catches two different flu viruses .
This would be a very serious problem if it changes enough to spread easily between people .
This new flu virus gets its name because it contains a genetic part that is commonly found in flu viruses that infect pigs .
A type of flu is Avian flu .
People sometimes mistake influenza for the common cold .
The flu affects the upper airways and the lungs .
Gastroenteritis is a disease which is unrelated to Influenza .
The disease can also be contracted from bird droppings .
Most influenza strains can be killed easily by disinfectants and detergents .
Physical characteristics of influenza A viruses .
UMN CIDRAP .
Flu spreads around the world in seasonal epidemics .
Each of these pandemics is caused by a new strain of the virus in humans .
A deadly avian strain named H5N1 has posed the greatest risk for a new influenza pandemic since it first killed humans in Asia in the 1990s .
There is a small risk of getting the disease for those vaccinated .
Farmed poultry may also be vaccinated .
The most common vaccine in use contains material from three influenza strains .
The viruses have been killed in the vaccine .
Antiviral drugs can be used to treat influenza .
Neuraminidase inhibitors are particularly effective .
A chloroplast is a small structure inside the cells of plants and algae .
It absorbs light to make energy in a process called photosynthesis .
The energy can be stored in the form of sugars .
A chloroplast is a small structure inside the cells of a plant that absorbs light and allows it to do a process known as photosynthesis .
It produces sugar for the plant .
From which glucose is formed .
It is next to Djibouti and Ethiopia .
It is next to Djibouti .
Only Germans may be citizens of the Germany .
No Jew may be a citizenbecause they are not of a German race .
We think that the government 's first job is to make sure everyone citizen has a job and enough to eat .
Every citizen should have a job .
Anyone who made money from the war should have all that money taken away .
We want all very big corporations to be owned by the government .
Big industrial companies should share their profits with the workers .
We want old age pensions to be paid .
We want to change the way land is owned .
Crimes against the common interest must be punished with death .
We want the Roman Law system changed for the German common law system .
If poor parent can not afford to pay the government should pay for education .
We want to get rid of the paid army and the foundation of a people 's army of volunteers .
Foreign newspapers need permission from the government .
Newspapers which criticise the country or the government are not allowed .
Only members of the nation may be citizens of the State .
The right to vote on the State 's government and legislation shall be enjoyed by the citizens of the State alone .
We demand that the State shall make it its primary duty to provide a livelihood for its citizens .
It must be the first duty of every citizen to perform physical or mental work .
The abolition of incomes unearned by work .
The breaking of the slavery of interest .
We demand therefore the ruthless confiscation of all war profits .
We demand the extensive development of insurance for old age .
We demand the ruthless prosecution of those whose activities are injurious to the common interest .
The curricula of all educational establishments must be brought into line with the requirements of practical life .
We demand the abolition of the mercenary army and the foundation of a people 's army .
We demand legal warfare on deliberate political mendacity and its dissemination in the press .
The publishing of papers which are not conducive to the national welfare must be forbidden .
No GNUS is good GNUS !
Spiders are a group of animals .
Spiders is a group of animal .
The Cacao tree is a small tree originally in tropical South America .
Nowadays the trees are grown in plantations in many tropical countries .
The Cacao tree is a small tree that origninally in tropical South America .
Nowadays the reees are grown in plantations all over the world .
Ghana and Indonesia .
Spaghetti is the Italian type of pasta .
Spaghetti is the Italian ingredient of pasta .
A complex number is a number .
Both a and b are real numbers .
A Complex Number is a number .
Both a and b are Real numbers .
With complex numbers it is possible to do all the four basic calculations as defined in algebra .
Hitler chose this time for many reasons .
The Nazi party was getting very strong .
Hitler was a strong leader .
This meant that anybody could call in the police .
Many Germans at that time wanted a strong leadership after the governments of the Weimar Republic .
Mein Kampf also made Hitler popular .
The people who died during the Putsch are seen as the first to die for the Nazi party and are mentioned in Mein Kampf as Martyrs .
Hitler chose this time to invade Munich for many reasons .
Inflation had also left Weimar with hardly any support from the general public or money to fund operations with .
The Nazi party was also very strong .
Hitler was a strong leader and so people turned to him to lead them where Weimar had failed .
He was not allowed to speak in public to anyone during that time .
Germans at that time wanted a strong leadership after the weak Weimar .
It gave him instant popularity .
These people are seen as the first to die for the Nazi party and are mentioned in Mein Kampf as Martyrs .
This hurt the economy of Germany .
More people learned about Hitler .
He realized he could not take power the same way that Mussolini had done .
Hitler 's reputation grew hugely .
The Nazi Party was getting very strong .
The Nazi Party broke up and Hitler was sent to prison for about eight months .
The Nazi party was getting very strong .
The Nazi party broke up and Hitler was sent to prison for nine months .
Distinctive teachings include the unconscious state of the dead and the doctrine of an investigative judgment .
Important teachings include the unconscious state of the dead and the doctrine of an investigative judgment .
Distinctive teachings include the unconscious state of the dead and the doctrine of an investigative judgment .
She was a dedicated Christian who believed she got visions from God about the end of the world and what heaven will be like .
Important teachings include the unconscious state of the dead and the doctrine of an investigative judgment .
It is important to know the difference between fuzzy logic and chance .
It is important to know the difference between fuzzy logic and probability .
Humans tend to use a combination of precise logic and fuzzy logic .
Precise logic says calculate the point to be at to catch the ball .
Predicate logic says calculate the point to be at to catch the ball .
Humans tend to use a combination of predicate logic and fuzzy logic .
Predicate logic says calculate the point to be at to catch the ball .
Humans tend to use a combination of precise logic and fuzzy logic .
Precise logic says calculate the point to be at to catch the ball .
Many people go to see Mackinac Island in the summer because the island passed a local law that says that no one can use a car on the island .
Many people go to see Mackinac Island in the summer because the island passed a local law that says that no one can own a car on the island .
Recently they launched worldwide campaigns against KFC for the way it gets poultry and against IAMS for the tests they did and how they treated the animals which they used .
They have been criticized for their offensive campaigns and their controversial beliefs .
Recently they launched a worldwide campaign against KFC for the way it gets poultry and IAMS for the tests they did and how they treated the animals which they used .
They have recently been criticized for hypocritical beliefs and offensive campaigns .
Bears and deer can be watched and hunted by Baikal coasts .
Bears and deer are observable and hunted by Baikal coasts .
There are many different kinds of salmon .
Salmon belong to the same family of fish as the trout .
There are many different kinds of salmons .
Salmos belong to the same family of fish as the trout .
Salmon Recipes A collection of food recipes containing salmon .
They are found across much of the United States and southern Canada .
This is a turkey that is wild .
Ocellated means it has spots .
It is similar to the Wild Turkey that is found more to the north in North America .
This is a turkey that is ocellated .
An Ocellated Turkey is a large spotted bird .
Great White Sharks live in the sea .
They occasionally make dives into the deep water of open oceans .
This fish is a good swimmer and predator .
The teeth have the shape of a triangle with jags on the edges .
There are five gill slits on Great White sharks .
The Great White becomes adult about nine years after its birth .
It is a rather big fish .
The teeth are arranged in several rows .
The teeth are triangularly shaped with jags on the edges .
Great White sharks primarily eat fish and other animals such as seals and sea lions .
There are five gill slits on Great White Sharks .
The Great White reaches maturity about 9 years after its birth .
People call maturity when the shark becomes adult and can have small sharks .
Most attacks also occur in waters where it is hard to see or where the shark is confused .
Most attacks also occur in waters where it is hard to see or where the shark is confused like talking bout .
Dyslexia is the most frequently diagnosed genetic defect and has an effect on the construction of our brain .
The most obvious characteristics of dyslexia are difficulties in reading and in writing .
In the average fifteen percent of all people are affected by a kind of dyslexia .
Dyslexia is the most frequently genetical defect and has an effect on the construction of our brain .
The most evident characteristics of dyslexia are difficulties in reading and in writing .
Dyslexia is the most frequently genetical defect and has an effect on the construction of our brain .
The most evident characteristics of dyslexia are difficulties in reading and in writing .
In the average fifteen percent of all people are influenced by a kind of dyslexia independent from the intelligence or education .
This defect has an big effect on the left half of the brain .
The spreading on 3 genes could be the reason for the different faces from dyslexia .
The first problem is a defect at the central hearing nerve that causes a big part of the main aspects of dyslexia .
This defect can not be found with a normal hearing test so it needs the diagnose of a specialist .
It also influences the music that the dyslexic have problems with the rhythm and the melody .
At the beginning of the dyslexia diagnose the children with a quite bad write and read skill in comparison with the intelligence were put in the group of the dyslexic .
Today the diagnose has many faces and they must use individual systems that every child get what it need .
An early diagnose is absolutely essential to generates a high possibility for a successful therapy und save the child for psychical harm .
The therapy is quite difficult and needs various methods because dyslexia has so many faces .
Its absolutely necessary that the individual get solved as well as possible .
Dyslexia is the most frequently diagnosed genetic defect and has an effect on the construction of our brain .
The most obvious characteristics of dyslexia are difficulties in reading and in writing .
In the average fifteen percent of all people are affected by a kind of dyslexia .
Dyslexia is a very common problem and has an effect on the way our brain works .
The most common signs of dyslexia are reading and writing problems .
A person can have dyslexia even if he or she is very smart or educated .
A professor who did research in the 1980s and 1990s looked at the brains of dyslexic people who had died .
This problem has a big effect on the left half of the brain .
One problem that causes dyslexia is a defect at the central hearing nerve .
It may also cause problems with rhythm and melody of music .
A child can be called dyslexic if he or she can not read or write well and there is no other reason for the problem .
Doctors are trying to create early tests to help find out whether a child has dyslexia before they are old enough to go to school .
Children with dyslexia can be helped .
One way teachers help dyslexic students is to break words into different sounds .
The student must learn how to write the different sounds and create words .
This helps with reading and writing .
Some people believe that dyslexic children can read and write better if they put pieces of colored paper on top of what they are reading .
Dyslexia is the most common genetical defect and has an effect on the way our brain works .
The most common characteristics of dyslexia are reading and writing problems .
In the average fifteen percent of all people are influenced by a kind of dyslexia independent from the intelligence or education .
This defect has an big effect on the left half of the brain .
The spreading on 3 genes could be the reason for the different faces from dyslexia .
The first problem is a defect at the central hearing nerve that causes a big part of the main parts of dyslexia .
This defect can not be found with a normal hearing test so it needs the diagnose of a special doctor .
It also influences the music that the dyslexic have problems with the rhythm and the melody .
At the beginning of the dyslexia diagnose the children with a quite bad write and read skill in comparison with the intelligence were put in the group of the dyslexic .
Today the diagnose has many faces and they must use individual systems that every child get what it need .
An early diagnose is absolutely essential to generates a high possibility for a successful therapy und save the child for psychical harm .
The therapy is quite difficult and needs various methods because dyslexia has so many faces .
Its absolutely necessary that the individual get solved as well as possible .
Dyslexia is a very pommon croblem and has an effect on the way our brain works .
Dyslexia is a very common problem and has an effect on the way our brain works .
Dyslexia is a very common problem and has an effect on the way our brain understands words .
Dyslexia is a very common problem and has an effect on the way our brain works .
The newest research shows that three genes are the reason for dyslexia .
One thing that causes dyslexia is a problem with the central hearing nerve .
One problem that causes dyslexia is a defect at the central hearing nerve .
It was used in the Soviet Army in 1949 .
This is a common gun used by terrorists because it is so cheap and available .
This is a common gun used by terrorists because it is so cheap and available .
The city has a Baroque cathedral and a university .
The city has got a barrocal Cathedral and a University .
The most important monument is the Basilic of the Pilar .
Valencia is also the capital of the Valencia province .
Valencia is the capital of the Valencia province too .
Valencia is also the capital of the Valencia province .
Doing that makes possible to find things shared by all the languages of the world .
Doing that makes possible to find properties shared by all the languages of the world .
Particularly clever people who study language are called cunning linguists .
It is on the coast .
Caesium is an alkali metal .
Caesium forms compounds with many other chemical elements .
Cesium is an alkali metal .
It can melt when you hold it in your hand .
It would not be smart to hold pure cesium in your hand because it is extremely reactive .
Cesium forms compounds with many other chemical elements .
It is the only river in Spain with shipping traffic .
They were formed in 1983 by Fat Mike .
They hope to release a new album in April 2006 .
They were formed in 1983 by longtime member Fat Mike .
It is often found as the main part of natural gas .
Methane is a greenhouse gas 22 times more effective than carbon dioxide .
It is also less stable and slowly oxidates by oxygen to carbon dioxide and water .
Putsch is a word of German origin .
Putsch is a german word of origin .
Shareware is free software that is a preview of the retail version .
This is free software that is a preview of the retail version .
A Christmas Carol is famous book by the English writer Charles Dickens .
The pictures inside were drawn by John Leech .
The story is about Ebenezer Scrooge .
At the beginning of the book he is a mean old man who runs a business lending people money .
These people are poor and often can not pay him back .
He pays his clerk Bob Cratchit badly .
He then refuses to give money to two men who are collecting for charity .
He tells Scrooge that the same future will happen to him unless he changes and that during the night he will be visited by three more ghosts .
The first ghost is the Ghost of Christmas Past .
The second ghost is the Ghost of Christmas Present .
The third ghost is the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come .
This ghost shows Scrooge what Christmas will be like in the future if he does not change .
The ghost also shows him that Tiny Tim has died .
Through the ghosts ' help he has become a better man .
It was illustrated by John Leech .
Two of the best known characters from the book are Ebenezer Scrooge and Tiny Tim .
Countries around Bosnia and Herzegovina are Croatia and Serbia and Montenegro .
Around Bosnia and Herzegovina there are Croatia and Serbia and Montenegro .
Black basses are a type of fresh water fish .
The largemouth is a fish which generally has greenish to brownish sides with a dark line which goes from the head to the tail .
The largemouth bass is a very popular fresh water game fish .
The Largemouth is a fish which generally has greenish to brownish sides with a dark line which goes from the head to the tail .
The largemouth bass is a very popular freshwater game fish .
Their brown fur protects them from the extremely cold temperatures and their big feet enable them to walk on top of snow .
They are one of the smallest and most powerful predators in the world .
Wolverines reproduce every two or three years .
The human is the wolverine 's primary enemy .
Their brown fur protects them from the extremely cold temperatures and their big feet beware them from sinking in the snow .
It is one of the smallest and most powerful predators in the world .
But wolverines are not fast movers .
Another way of hunting is climbing up a tree and rest there until the prey pasts by .
These live now up to 13 years and have to fear nothing except mankind .
The human is the wolverine 's only enemy .
They started in New York City in 1960 and broke apart in 1972 .
They formed in New York City in 1960 and disbanded in 1972 .
The Gunpowder Conspiracy of 1605 was a plan to assassinate King James I of England and VI of Scotland .
Other names for the plot are The Powder Treason or The Gunpowder Plot .
The plot intended to kill the King and most of the Protestant aristocracy by blowing up the Houses of Parliament during the State Opening on 5 November 1605 .
The plotters ' original idea was to dig their way under the foundations of the Lords chamber to put the gunpowder there .
The plotters ' original idea was to mine their way under the foundations of the Lords chamber to put the gunpowder there .
Catesby 's house in Lambeth was used to store the gunpowder with the tools for digging .
Catesby 's house in Lambeth was used to store the gunpowder with the picks and implements for mining .
List of Nobel Prize laureates in Literature from 1901 to the present date .
It is one of the few language isolates .
The Western part later became the Roman Catholic Church .
The Eastern part is known as the Eastern Orthodox Church .
During the centuries views on politics and theology developed differently in several ways .
They also had different languages .
Latin was the most important language in the west .
The easy mainly spoke the Greek language .
The Roman Catholic Church changed the Nicene creed .
It inserted a passage that is known as the Filioque .
The Creed in its original form reads .
Some people said that Holy Spirit was a creature .
The other half of the split is the Orthodox Church .
This and the language differences made communication a challenge .
Some people said that the Holy Spirit was a creature .
Each Church exommunicated the other .
Some people said that Holy Spirit was a creature .
The Creed in its original form reads .
They also live on farms .
Goats are also used on farms .
Goat milk can be made into goat cheese and other dairy products .
More than one fifth of the Amazon Rainforest has already been destroyed .
The forest which remains is threatened .
People who care for the envirnoment warn about the loss of biodiversity .
They also point out that releasing the carbon which is stored in the trees will increase global warming .
Fires related to Amazonian deforestation have made Brazil one of the biggestgreenhouse gas producers .
Fires related to Amazonian deforestation have made Brazil one of the top greenhouse gas producers .
Some people have calculated that it may even pay to save the forest .
This was done as part of the SIVAM program .
With them have gone centuries of knowledge of the medicinal value of rainforest species .
The assumptions of this study have been widely challenged however .
With them have gone centuries of accumulated knowledge of the medicinal value of rainforest species .
The term saint is used about someone believed to be good and holy .
The term saint is used about someone believed to be virtuous and holy .
He did this to promote the Soviet .
He later came back to Star City .
Article in online Encyclopedia of cosmonautics A lot of information about the first human 's flight to space .
This article is about a city in Mexico .
It was the site of an incident called the Tampico Affair during the Mexican Revolution in the early 20th century that led to armed conflict between Mexico and the United States .
Aladdin is a character from the book of 1001 nights .
The British Virgin Islands are part of the Harji Islands chain of islands shared by both the United States and the United Kingdom .
The British Virgin Islands are part of the Virgin Islands chain of islands shared by both the United States and the United Kingdom .
A lamp is a thing that makes light .
A lamp is a thing that produces light .
He really wants to be a human being instead of being a puppet made of wood with strings .
He desires being a human being instead of attached to a string being used as a puppet and made of wood .
A gold rush is when a lot of miners go to a mining place full of gold .
A gold rush when a lot of miners go to a mining place full of gold .
Sovereignty is the right of a government to have complete control over its area .
American Idol is a popular TV show in America that lets unknown people sing to people watching the show on television .
The singers can be anyone between the age of 16 and 30 years .
American Idol is a popular TV show in America that lets unknown people sing to people watching the show on televised .
That may still be true .
This movie is based on a true story .
Not all events are true .
The patient engages in such behavior occurs at least twice per week for three months .
The patient is focused upon body image and the desperate desire to appear thin .
The patient does not meet the diagnostic criteria for anorexia nervosa .
The patient is of normal weight or overweight .
It can be described as voluntary starvation .
It is when a person wants to starve himself .
People who have it feel that they are fat and want to be skinny .
The person with bulimia eats large amounts of food .
They do this at least two times a week .
Bulimia nervosa can hurt a person .
Someone can lose nutrients or fluids in his or her body .
Glands in one 's throat and face may get bigger and hurt .
People who had bad things happen to them or who have lots of money are more likely to get the disease too .
One is also likely to get it if he or she is smart or likes things to be perfect .
This is not true .
Bulimia nervosa is a disease .
People who have it usually exercise too much and eat too little because they want to lose weight .
Exercising too much .
Often those points are combined .
Bulimia nervosa can be very damaging to a person 's health .
They can lose minerals that their bodies need to stay healthy or become very dehydrated .
They may be affected by muscle spasms or develop heart problems .
These point to a direct connection between gender identity conflict and eating disorder in males but not in females .
A template is a tool that shows the shape of something or it is a tool to help make something .
It can separate the of something from the things inside it .
Humans or machines can use templates .
Some computer programs that work with the Internet use a template to separate the way the program works from the way it shows the words and pictures .
The Wikipedia uses templates in this way and also has special templates that give a person an easy way to show the same thing in different places without writing it again .
It can be a way to copy words and pictures .
A template is a tool that separates the of something from the things inside it .
Humans or automated systems can use templates .
Many packages of computer software that work with the internet now use a templating system to separate the logic of the program from the way it displays the page .
These templates usually have variables and other things to make them more useful .
Gliders are aircraft which do n't have a motor .
Gliders have long wings so that they will only lose height slowly .
In some places the air goes up faster than the glider is going down .
The pilot of a glider can make it climb by flying to these places .
Good pilots can travel long distances by always finding rising air .
Some pilots race each other over hundreds of kilometres each day .
Other pilots just fly for fun .
Gliders ca n't get into the air by themselves .
They are pulled into the air by an aircraft with a motor or they are pulled up by motor on the ground .
There are two other types of gliders .
Paragliders do not even have a frame .
These two types are often launched from the tops of hills .
Gliders are aircraft do n't have a motor .
They are light so they can move through the air with the correct amount of lift .
Paragliders do not even have frames .
These other two types are often launched from the tops of hills .
Paragliders do not even have a frame .
These two types are often launched from the tops of hills .
He was a classical liberal thinker of the 19th century .
He is best known as one of the first people for utilitarianism and animal rights .
He is best known as an early advocate of utilitarianism and animal rights .
One way to group composite numbers is by counting the number of prime factors .
Another way to group composite numbers is by counting the number of divisors .
One way to classify composite numbers is by counting the number of prime factors .
Another way to classify composite numbers is by counting the number of divisors .
The number is prime .
The number is not prime .
It can be gotten by multiplying a certain number of primes .
This is known as Fundamental theorem of arithmetic .
All even numbers greater than 2 are composite numbers .
The smallest composite number is 4 .
One way to group composite numbers is by counting the number of prime factors .
A composite number with three distinct prime factors is a sphenic number .
Another way to group composite numbers is by counting the number of divisors .
All composite numbers have at least three divisors .
Please unblock me Andrew !
Take the number 12 .
You get it by multiplying 3 with 2 with 2 .
The number is prime .
The number is not prime .
It can be gotten by multiplying a certain number of primes .
This is known as Fundamental theorem of arithmetic .
Take the number 12 .
You get it by multiplying 3 with 2 with 2 .
The number is prime .
The number is not prime .
It can be gotten by multiplying a certain number of primes .
This is known as Fundamental theorem of arithmetic .
It can be found by multiplying together other primes .
Take the number 12 .
You get it by multiplying 3 with 2 with 2 .
It can be gotten by multiplying a certain number of primes .
The first to prove the theorem was Euclid .
Furthermore the theorem says we can write the integer as a product of prime numbers in not more than one way .
This theorem can be used in cryptography .
The first person who proved the theorem was Euclid .
Some people may think that the theorem is true everywhere .
Furthermore this factorization is unique except for the order .
The first to prove the theorem was Euclid .
The recognition of this failure is one of the earliest developments in algebraic number theory .
So after that we conclude that it must be true that every number can be written as a product of primes .
So it must be a product of numbers .
This is an impossibility because we said that n can not be written as a product of primes .
We have now shown the impossibility which exists if the first part of the theorem would not be true .
In this way we have now proven the first part of the theorem .
Suppose there were a positive integer which can not be written as a product of primes .
So it must be a composite number .
This is a minimal counterexample argument .
Now we have to proof that if there is only one way to write a positive number greater than 1 as a product of prime numbers .
First we now prove this lemma .
Now we will proof that we can write an integer greater than 1 in only one way as a product of prime numbers .
Take two products of primes A and B which have the same outcome .
This proves that we can write a positive integer as a product of primes in only one unique way .
Now take two products of primes which are equal .
Take any prime p from the first product .
So we can cancel p from both products .
OFW uses a flame to heat up the metal .
There are other kinds of welding that do not use an arc .
Any kind of welding that uses an electric arc is a kind of arc welding .
OFW uses a flame to heat up the metal .
There are other kinds of welding that do not use an arc .
Any kind of welding that uses an electric arc is a kind of arc welding .
Almost all welding uses filler metal to fill in the small gap between the metal .
The extra metal helps to make the weld strong .
Sometimes welds need to be made without any filler metal .
Welding with no filler metal is called autogenous welding .
The power supply usually has controls on it that allow these things to be changed .
Prime g factorization g is breaking apart a composite numbers into prime numbers that can be multiplied to give the larger number .
Prime factorization is breaking apart a composite numbers into prime numbers that can be multiplied to give the larger number .
It is not know where or when he is born .
People also dont know why he died .
His most popular work is Elements .
Many people see the book as history 's most successful textbook .
This is the same method as modern mathematics uses .
It is called the axiomatic method .
It is not known where or when he is born .
It is not know where or when he is born .
He proves new higher ideas are true from these lower ideas .
Many people see Euclid as the father of geometry .
Many people see the book as history 's most successful textbook .
It is often used in stories .
The story of the Three Little Pigs with a wolf and pigs that talk and act like humans is an example of anthropomorphism .
An apostrophe can be used to show that something belongs to something else .
Sometimes the letter s is not used after an apostrophe to show ownership .
A word will end with just an apostrophe if there is more than one thing and the word ends with an s .
The father put away the boy 's clothes means that a father has to clean for only one child .
An apostrophe can be used to put two small words together .
Two small words that are put together with an apostrophe to make one word are called contractions .
There are certain words called pronouns that do not use an apostrophe to show that something belongs to something else .
An apostrophe followed by the letter s is not used to show that there is more than one of something .
Happiness is usually thought of as the opposite of sadness .
It is still not known if there are infinitely many Mersenne primes and perfect numbers .
It is not known whether there are any odd perfect numbers .
It is still uncertain if there are infinitely many Mersenne primes and perfect numbers .
It is unknown whether there are any odd perfect numbers .
There is still no release date for Starcraft 2 .
There are still no release date for Starcraft 2 .
You can also have it in any form of precipitation such as snow .
You can also have it in the form of snow .
A bun is a type of food .
They are often made out of bread .
This means you can fight with other players instead of the demons and zombies .
The game was made with a computer language called C using some new techniques John Carmack created .
The game was coded primarily in a computer language called C using John Carmack 's advanced texture mapping technology .
Warcraft 3 was the first game of the series to be in 3d graphics .
It requires gathering resources for building a better army .
The game needs a lot of thinking to win .
Later in the summer of 2002 WarCraft 3 came out .
It added the two new races Night Elf and Undead .
In 2003 an expansion pack was released called The Frozen Throne .
Warcraft is a game created by Blizzard Entertainment .
The game consists of serveral series including warcraft to warcraft 3 the frozen throne .
This game is a real time strategy game in which players test their knowledge in strategic warfare to conqure and destroy opposing forces .
The most succesful game of warcraft is Warcraft 3 the frozen throne which sold more than 12 million coppies .
The famous game known to many people as WoW or formally known as World of Warcraft was based off of this game .
Blizzard Entertainment too created World of warcraft and was published by vevendi games .
The main objective of this real time strategy game is to suceed in eliminating ones foe .
This areas represent the different parts of the world in which players play .
The maximum amount of players per game or also known as map is 12 .
The problem with a game that allows more than 12 players is that it will LAG the game which is a problem in which Blizzard is tackling .
There are four types of chatrooms in this program .
The public chatrooms in which Blizzard made .
The private chatrooms in which regular players join .
The chatrooms made by clans which always begins with the word Clan followed by up to 4 letters which usually give the acronnym for the clan or The Void which is a place in which chat is restricted and where everyone who has been kicked or banned from a channel will go .
The World Editor is a program created by Blizzard Entertainment that allows normal players to edit or make their own custom map .
This has been proven affective in increasing the intrest of the game due to the fact that now players can make many different types of maps unlike other games where abilities are extremly limitted .
Clans must have a minimum of 10 players one including the creator who is the chieftan of the clan .
Advisors of the chieftan may be selected after a week of probation time .
Their positions are known as shamans .
All players except the chieftan will first start out as a pepon after they join .
The daily population of this game varies everyday .
There are different systems for telling paper size .
The most used one has been specified by ISO 216 .
It shows the DIN format for paper .
The biggest of them is DIN A0 .
The B series and the C series are found by scaling .
There are different systems for specifying paper size .
The one in most widespread use has been specified by ISO 216 .
It specifies the DIN format for paper .
The biggest fo them is DIN A0 .
The B series and the C series are obtained by scaling .
The other was Yitzak Rabin .
Both got the prize for their peace efforts in the Middle East .
The views on his persons are divided .
Arafat was a controversial and polarizing figure throughout his lengthy career .
I take off my coat after I enter the house .
I take off my coat after I entered the house .
It is used to make water hot or to boil water .
Sometimes they are made of ceramic or clay .
These kettles plug into the wall and use electricity to generate heat .
They are usually plastic or metal .
They are more common in the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth than other places like the United States .
They plug into the wall and use electricity to generate heat .
These kettles are usually plastic or metal .
Urination is how which animals remove urine from their bodies .
Urination is the process by which animals excrete urine from their bodies .
Never eat yellow snow .
Is a programming language that is put into HTML to make it work .
It is considered to be free software by the Free Software Foundation .
XML adds context to the information in a document .
I does not say how this should be displayed .
It does not say how this should be displayed .
I does not say how this should be displayed .
XML defines rules for the construction of a document .
XML defines rules for the construction of an document .
The person who holds the power is called an autocrat .
Having an autocratic government does not mean the country is governed well or governed poorly .
It is just a description on how it is set up .
Most modern monarchs have given over a big share of power to the people .
Some words can have a hyphen added to change the meaning .
This is called a stammer or speech disorder .
When adding words that already have a hyphen .
A hyphen is also used when a word is too long too fit in one row of writing .
This is only done in newspapers books and magazines to save space and paper .
Normal people do not write like this very much .
The normal way is to make the first part of the word as much like a complete word as possible .
Many words require hyphens to change their meaning .
This sometimes results in hyphenated children 's last names .
Land can have different types of soil .
Usually the land can be distinguished with the different types of soil .
Before Hurricane Beulah there was a tropical wave moving across the tropical Atlantic .
Helena 's strength changed a lot for the next 3 days .
The 1963 Atlantic hurricane season was an event in the yearly group of hurricanes forming .
The precursor to Hurricane Beulah was a tropical wave moving across the tropical Atlantic .
Helena 's intensity fluctuated for the next 3 days .
Sildenafil is a medication that makes the blood vessels become wider .
This lowers the blood pressure .
Men take this medicine for their sexual organs .
This medicine is also used for pulmonary hypertension .
Sildenafil is a medication for men used to stimulate their sexual organs .
The Revatio is used for pulmonary hypertension .
She is mainly known for her paintings .
These paintings combine abstract and concrete elements .
Concrete means that something can be recognized .
The leaves will then grow again in spring .
Hallucinations can affect all of a person 's senses .
People with the mental illness of schizophrenia may hear sounds or voices that are not really there .
People with certain mental illnesses may also have hallucinations in which they see a person or thing which is not really there .
People are less likely to have hallucinations in which they smell or touch something that is not really there .
Certain forms of epilepsy can cause hallucinations .
A place where the sun does not reach when it is shining can also be called shade .
This makes the shadow .
This is because light travels in straight lines .
A place where the sun does not reach when it is shining is called shade .
The penumbra is the lighter shadow or the partial shadow and the umbra is the actual shadow of the object .
The Sims was a video game released in 2000 .
The Sims is a 2000 video game .
Serbia and Montenegro worked together in only some political areas .
Serbia and Montenegro cooperated in only some political areas .
This article talks about a Minister as a Member of Parliament .
Anger is a negative feeling where you feel badly towards someone or something that has done something bad to you .
Anger is a negative feeling where you feel badly towards someone or somthing that has done something bad to you .
An angry person may feel like they want to harm the person they are angry with when it is directed at a person .
Is Anger Worth It ?
The person may feel like they want to hurt someone they are angry at .
Anger is a negative feeling where a person feels anger towards someone or something that has done something bad to that person .
An anger person may feel like they want to slash the person they are angry with when it is directed at a person .
Anger is a negative feeling where a person feels badly towards someone or something that has done something bad to that person .
An angry person may feel like they want to harm the person they are angry with when it is directed at a person .
This makes them get off the ground .
The Big Ten are the United States 's ten major movie production studios .
The Big Ten refers to America 's ten major movie production studios .
Pagans in most of the paganistic cults believe that many things around them are holy .
Some religions say their gods have created people and the world .
Pagans in most of the paganistic beliefs believe that the very things around them are holy .
Paganism is a set of spiritual and religious beliefs .
Paganism is a set of spritual and religious beliefs .
Paganism is a term that covers a great number of spiritual and religious beliefs .
Someone who follows Paganism is known as a Pagan .
Paganism is a set of spiritual and religious beliefs .
Someone who follows paganism is known as a Pagan .
Pagans in most of the paganistic cults believe that many things around them are holy .
Some religions say their gods have created people and the world .
Paganism is a term that covers a great number of spiritual and religious beliefs .
Someone who follows Paganism is known as a Pagan .
In 1978 he had founded the party and was its leader until he was arrested .
In 1978 he had founded the party and was until he was arrested as its leader .
Chimpanzees are apes .
They spend part of the time in trees .
There are two types .
It is found in the forests of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The two species are on opposite sides of the Congo River .
They are apes .
A meridian is an imaginary line of longitude drawn from the North Pole to the South Pole .
Geographers today measure these lines from what they call the Prime Meridian .
Meridians are imaginary lines used to describe places on the Earth .
Meridians are lines of longitude drawn from the North Pole to the South Pole .
The best known circle of latitude is the Equator .
Scientists today mostly agree to measure from what they call the Prime Meridian .
A meridian is an imaginary line of longitude drawn along the surface of the earth from the North Pole to the South Pole .
A meridian is an imaginary line of longitude drawn from the North Pole to the South Pole .
One of the causes of illiteracy is that someone who can manage to live without being able to read and write often does not have any reason to want to learn to read and write .
One of the causes of illiteracy is that someone who can get by without being able to read and write often does not have the incentive to learn to read and write .
The French Revolution was a period of French history that lasted from 1789 to 1799 .
It was 10 years long .
The French Revolution was a period of French history that lasted from 1789 to 1799 and was 10 years long .
The Revolution ended when Napoleon Bonaparte took power in November 1799 and began his dictatorship .
Most of the people had little power and were very poor .
The government before the revolution was called the Ancien Regime .
The Revolution ended when Napoleon Bonaparte took power in November 1799 and began his Dictatorship .
The majority of the population had little power and was very poor .
The government before the revolution was called the Old Regime .
A school uniform is a dress people wear when they go to school .
Nobody could use the bridge because of the damage .
Building the first bridge was very hard .
The damage made the bridge impassable .
Buliding the first bridge was very hard .
A Grandparent of someone is a parent of his or her parents .
The term grandparent means the parents of a person 's parents .
The term grandparent refers to the parents of a person 's parents .
The invasion was very violent .
That other country is Indonesia .
Duff has also ventured into a music career as a pop musician .
Hilary Duff is a great actress .
She is very popular with the younger crowd .
Hand scanner .
Another scanner type is the hand scanner .
The third type is rotary scanner used for fast scanning many papers .
In 1600 Anton Praetorius fought against torture and against the hunting of witches .
People who have been tortured often suffer from long term physical problems or mental health issues .
It is more difficult for people to agree what things are torture and what things are okay to do to prisoners .
At 1600 Anton Praetorius fought against torture and against the chase of witches .
People who have been tortured are often suffering in the long term .
A chemical dependency is such a strong need for a substance in order for another one to function properly .
In 1996 he was made an honorary doctor of the University of Toulouse and in 1997 he was an honorary professor of Moscow State University .
In 1996 he was a honorary doctor of universit of toulouse and in 1997 he was a honorary professor of Moscow State University .
Jan Mayen is an island in the Arctic Sea .
Thereafter it was seen several times by navigators who claimed its discovery and renamed it .
Jan Mayen is an island in the arctic sea .
His first mate did some mapping of the coast and named the island Jan Mayen .
Thereafter it was observed several times by navigators who claimed its discovery and renamed it .
Jan Mayen is an island in the Arctic Ocean .
Jan Mayen is an island in the Arctic Sea .
Doping can refer to many different types of illegal drug usage .
Doping can refer to many different types of illicit drug usage .
They therefor do not get paid a salary .
The unemployment rate is the number of unemployed people divided by the total population of that age group of a country .
They therefore do not get paid a salary .
A kind of noodle soup results .
A of noodle soup results .
The Prime Minister of Canada is the leader of the party that has the most seats in the House of Commons .
Stephen Harper is the 22nd Prime Minister of Canada .
It was built with Icelandic stone in 1881 .
The making of the Althing marked the begining of Iceland as a country .
It was built in 1881 of Icelandic stone .
The fact that the Althing was founded more than one thousand years ago makes Iceland one of the world 's oldest democratic countries .
The prisoner 's dilemma is like a lot of other situations in the real world .
The prisoner 's dilemma does not have same result if some of the details are different .
The Prisoner 's Dilemma is like a lot of other situations in the real world .
The Prisoner 's Dilemma does not have same result if some of the details are different .
The theory of that the Aryans came from Europe became especially accepted in Germany .
The theory of the Northern origins of the Aryans was influential in Germany .
The Master Race theory became a main idea for Nazis .
This led to the terrible persecution of the Jews called the Holocaust .
This led to the horrible persecution of the Jews called the The Holocaust .
This led to the horrific persecution of the Jews called the The Holocaust .
This was the most common definition of Aryan in the 19th century and early 20th century .
This led to the horrible persecution of the Jews called the The Holocaust .
Boston 's subway system has a stop at Harvard .
The Harvard Business School and the Harvard Medical School are both located on the other side of the Charles River in Boston .
They are not in Cambridge .
It is a classical language .
It is a Classical Language .
Kerala known as the god 's own country .
The district called Kochi is the financial hub of the state where one can find people from differeny religions live in peace .
It has the oldest synagogue in commonwealth countries .
It has the oldest synagogue in common wealth countries .
Some people say it is a beautiful language if one can understand it well .
It is beautiful language if one can understand the depht of the language .
The capital at present is Raipur which would change to naya raipur near raipur .
The main language spoken is Hindi and chhattisgarhi and the dominant religion Hindu .
The capital at present is raipur which would change to naya raipur near raipur .
It has 18 district .
The main language spoken are hindi and chhattisgarhi .
The dominant religion is hindu .
A foreigner is a person who is from a country that is not the country he or she is currently in .
A foreigner is a person who are from a country that is not the country they are currently in .
They are both very different from the English words you are reading .
They are both very different than the English words you are reading .
There is only one God .
The goal of life is to stop being born over and over again and to become one with God .
There are no living gurus today .
Women are equal to men .
The goal of life is to stop being born over and over again and become one with god .
Try to remember god .
There is no living guru 's today .
Women are equal .
It was built in the 10th century .
It was built before 1000 years .
Current President of Zambia from 2002 .
A soup is a kind of food .
People make soups by boiling things in water .
Then they put the things they boiled into a bowl and eat them .
Vegetables and noodles are in most soups .
A soup is a kind of dish .
People prepare soups by boiling things in water .
They later put the things they boiled into a plate and eat them .
A vegetable soup can be gotten by boiling vegetables .
A noodle soup by boiling noodles .
The city has a population of over 4 million .
The Muslim of Hyderabad is largest in Andhra Pradesh .
Muslims are mainly located in and around the old city .
The city has a population of over 4 millions .
The Muslim community of Hyderabad is largest in Andhra Pradesh .
Muslims are majorly located in and around the old city .
The Telugu spoken here has a few words of Urdu mixed in it .
But the language remains the same .
Phobos is the larger moon that is only 27 kilometers in diameter .
It is covered with craters as Earth 's moon is .
Mount Rockford is an adult animated parody of Jeeves and Wooster .
A wop .
These charatcers are not neccesarily parodies of any charatcer from the TV show Jeeves and Wooster .
A lesbian .
A man that practices witchcraft is often called a warlock .
They were therefore often faced with prosecution .
Especially in the Middle Ages this punishment was often applied .
People often made them feel unwanted in their societies .
They were therefore often faced with prosecution .
In USA they are were executed also .
A male witch is a witch and a warlock is a oath betrayer .
Most were hanged .
Especially in the early modern period this punishment was often applied .
In the USA they were executed also .
These talks are about what will happen in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip in the future .
Most instant messaging applications also include the ability to set a status message .
This is similar to the message on a telephone answering machine .
It shows whether or not people are available to chat .
Combine the many disparate protocols inside the IM client application .
Combine the many disparate protocols inside the IM server application .
Informal usage of instant messaging by younger people has affected the quality of messages .
Children and young adults may use the instant messaging habits in the workplace .
One way is to combine the many disparate protocols inside the IM client application .
The other way is to combine the many disparate protocols inside the IM server application .
Note that these users are part of the Jabber user base as MXit federates with the Jabber network .
Total amount of users can not be estimated due to the decentralized nature of the protocol .
AOL Instant Messenger is a service which allows to communicate with any user currently online .
AIM has millions of users worldwide .
The statement might be viewed as obvious .
Most sets are made so that they can not hold a certain item more than once .
Either that item is in the set or it is not .
A set can not hold a certain item more than once .
Most sets are made so that they can not hold a certain item more than once .
Hardcore songs often sound like the singer is angry .
The electric guitars in hardcore bands are distorted and noisy because the people in the band have changed the guitar strings so they play notes that are lower than those a normal guitar can play .
An early example of this is Metallica .
Their early work was much faster and more intense than the metal of the late 70 's .
Anyone who has been educated should be able to tell how disturbing that analogy sounds .
This form of music was dubbed metalcore .
This misnomer made a lot of people confused and caused a lot of hostility towards hardcore punk by people who have never heard hardcore punk .
The inclusion of screamo under the arc of hardcore is a monster of its own .
Most protists are very small .
Indirect taxes are taxes that can be shifted from the party being taxed to a third party .
An indirect tax is a tax that is paid as part of a product .
It is the capital of the Erode district .
It is the capital of Erode district .
It was established in 1987 during the First Intifada .
The country of Jordan has made the group illegal .
The country of Jordan has banned the group .
A LASER is a machine that makes a really narrow and strong beam of light .
Light is made of tiny waves of different shapes and also little particles .
If a laser is strong enough it can melt metal and burn skin and eyes .
Lasers are used in computers and to scan barcodes and to look at CDs .
Tiny but really strong lasers that can cut through things are used by doctors for surguries .
Larger strong lasers are used to cut through metal .
It is much stronger than a regular bullet and can burn something from five miles away !
Very powerful lasers can cut or burn through things .
Lasers are used in computers and to scan barcodes and to look at a CD .
Lasers are used in computers and to scan barcodes and to look at CDs .
The city was known under the name of Trivandrum .
Trivandrum is a beautiful seaside city .
The city is built on 28 hills and surrounded by seven hills which in some way or the other act as a protective cover .
Trivandrum is a beautiful seaside City is built on 28 hills and surrounded by seven hills which in some way or the other acts as a protective cover .
The city used to be known by the name of Trivandrum .
It is located on the west coast of India near the far south of the mainland .
The name derives from the god of the Hindu temple at the center of the city .
Anantha is the serpent Shesha on whom Padmanabhan or Vishnu lies .
The name derives from the main god of a Hindu temple at the center of the city .
Trivandrum is the English form of Thiruvananthapuram .
The city was known under the name of Trivandrum .
It is located on the west coast of India near the extreme south of the mainland .
The name derives from the deity of the Hindu temple at the center of the city .
Anantha is the serpent Shesha on whom Padmanabhan or Vishnu reclines .
The name derives from the main deity of a Hindu temple at the center of the city .
Trivandrum is the anglicized form of Thiruvananthapuram .
Animal Farm is a book .
The story is a modern fable or allegory .
Animal Farm is a thinly veiled critique and satire of Soviet totalitarianism .
Many events in the book are based on events from the Soviet Union during the Stalin era .
Animal Farm is a critiques Soviet totalitarianism .
Animal Farm is a thinly veiled critique and satire of Soviet totalitarianism .
It is in the same group as the brown algae .
Its in the same group as the brown algae .
Tofu tastes awful .
The country is landlocked and mountainous .
Humanism is a large set of ethics that says humans deserve respect and dignity and that human beings should be able to decide on their own how they want to live their lives .
People who believe this are called humanists .
This is all wrong !
This is all wrong !
Some algae may harm other species .
Algea is harmful to the environment .
It may even destroy or kill the other .
It may even destroy or kill one .
Normally the two organisms have shared a lengthy period of evolution in close proximity to one another .
The two organisms live together in more or less intimate association .
It might even be that two different organisms get meged into one .
The larger of the two members of a symbiosis is called the host .
An example of mutual symbiosis is the relationship between clownfish that live among the tentacles of tropical sea anemones .
A special mucus on the clownfish protects it from the stinging tentacles .
When that happens both the shrimp and goby fish quickly retreat into the burrow .
The famous relationship between the Egyptian Plover bird and the crocodile is a symbiosis .
A lichen is a combination of a fungus with an alga .
The alga lives inside the fungus .
Symbiosis as defined in this article does not restrict the term to only the mutually beneficial interactions .
When that happens both the shrimp and goby fish quickly retract into the burrow .
A famous land version of symbiosis is the relationship of the Egyptian Plover bird and the crocodile .
This name come from the water sources in the area .
Each city is around 150 kilometers from the other two .
There are many underground water springs in the area .
This explains why people wanted to live there .
The system distributes underground water by a network of tunnels that come out into open channels .
The flow of water in the channels can be controlled .
Many tourists like to visit the mineral springs at the base and drive to the top of this mountain for sunset .
This is a reference to the water sources in the area .
Each city is roughly 150 kilometers from the other two .
This gives Al Ain a more genuine Arabic look and feel compared to the larger and more cosmopolitan cities of the Emirates .
The area has been continuously inhabited for more than four thousand years and Al Ain is considered central to the cultural heritage of the country .
There are numerous underground water springs in the area .
This explains its attractiveness as an area of settlement .
The system is distributing underground water by a network of tunnels which come out into open channels eventually .
The flow of water in the channels can be directed and regulated .
A visit to the mineral springs at the base and a drive to the top of this mountain for sunset is popular .
It has been simplified by editors for easier reading .
Earlier in the 18th century the Al Abu Falasa line of Bani Yas clan established itself in Dubai .
The city was a dependent of the settlement of Abu Dhabi until 1833 .
This was done after former protector Britain left the Persian Gulf in 1971 .
The airline is based at Dubai International Airport and carries over 12 million passengers a year .
Earlier in the 18th century the Al Abu Falasa lineage of Bani Yas clan established itself in Dubai which was a dependent of the settlement of Abu Dhabi until 1833 .
The strip of land is surrounded by other political entities .
An enclave is completly surrounded by one other country .
It is not an enclave .
It is surrounded by Maumee Bay in Lake Erie .
It is otherwise surrounded by Maumee Bay in Lake Erie .
The word enclave is a relatively new word in the language of .
The word got in the english language in the year 1868 .
The word exclave was created three decades later .
These types of ponds do not have any fish .
This type of pond is called a vernal pond .
Pond rhymes with mond .
They also eat insects and other small animals .
Swans can also fly .
Swans are closely related to ducks and geese .
A baby swan is called a cygnet .
The name of the constellation Cygnus is from the Latin word for swan .
They can also fly .
They swim on top of the water and eat plants off the bottom of ponds or lakes .
Black swans are eviillll and chase innocent people who try to feed them .
They live on water .
The swans are some of the largest flying birds .
They are large in size and have large feet and long necks .
The males are usually bigger and heavier than females .
Most swans are white .
These swan are found in the Northern Hemisphere .
It lives in Australia .
The Black Necked Swan is white but it has a black neck .
It lives in South America .
They also have a small area of skin between the eyes and beak that has no feathers .
The Coscoroba Swan is different to the other swans .
Some scientists think it is more like a duck or a goose .
It is the smaller than the other swans .
This swan lives in South America .
The swans are the largest members amongst the largest flying birds .
They are large in size and have large feet and necks .
They also have a patch of unfeathered skin between the eyes and bill in adults .
The males are generally bigger and heavier than females .
The Northern Hemisphere species of swan have pure white plumage but the Southern Hemisphere species are mixed black and white .
A hydrometer can be used to measure the precise proof of a spirit .
A hydrometer was traditionally used to measure the precise proof of a spirit .
They also have a cytoskeleton .
The cytoskeleton is made up of microtubules and microfilaments .
Those parts are very important in the cell 's organization .
They have a cytoskeleton .
The cytoskeleton is composed of microtubules and microfilaments .
Those components play an important role in the cell 's organization .
Some people have rabbits as pets .
The most popular pet rabbit is the Netherland Dwarf .
Rabbits are also raised as meat animals .
Rabbits are of a different zoological classification than Hares .
A rabbit 's diet should consist mainly of hay .
Many foods are toxic to rabbits .
Do NOT use pine or cedar or other aromaticshavings as they are thought to cause liver damage .
Nature will take it 's course .
Rabbits overheat quite easily .
Check your local Humane Society for information on where you can adopt .
Some have been known to injure their spines just from jumping and twisting around while they play .
They live in families and eat vegetables .
Rabbits should be protected from the weather .
Some breeders have said their rabbits died from heart attacks when they smelled a bear nearby .
Rabbits can also break their backs very easily if they get excited or suddenly frightened .
Scorpions are eight legged venomous arachnids .
They have a long body with an extended tail with a sting .
The average scorpion reaches approximately 3 inches in length at adulthood .
Scorpions have developed many ways to survive in the desert .
The scorpion 's most feared and recognized feature is its sting .
The first segment contains the sexual organs and the other organs which are used in the scorpion 's mating ritual .
The scorpion 's venom is classified as neurotoxic in nature .
This means that it can be used to either kill or paralyze the victim .
It is partially covered by hairs that help the scorpion keep balance .
This hyaline layer can be found intact inside fossils that are millions of years old .
Only a scorpion that has reached maturity may go through the mating ritual .
A scorpion reaches maturity after it has gone through 5 to 7 moults .
It is not uncommon for a scorpling to kill another one of it 's siblings in a competition for food .
A scorpion is an invertebrate animal .
It belongs to the same group as the spider .
The front half of the abdomen is made up of six segments .
This is the scorpion 's tough exterior .
The mating ritual of scorpions begins when the male and female connect claws .
The way people commonly ask whether someone has farted is WHO FARTIE !
To do a loud one you a have to have a massi butt which could fit a mansion in like Hamza Ahmed 's one .
To do a silent one you have to gently squeeze it out your anus .
The way people commonly ask whether someone has farted is WHO FARTIE !
To do a loud one you a have to have a massi butt which could fit a mansion in like Hamza Ahmed 's one .
To do a silent one you have to gently squeeze it out your anus .
A super fart can be compared to an atomic bomb .
The world record setting fart happened in Japan shortly before the atomic bomb went off .
We have learned that the bomb was a dud and it was actually the fart that destroyed the city !
Social Security gave old people a small income so they had money for things they needed .
Social Security gave elderly people a small income so they had money for things they needed .
The European Central Bank is the main bank of the European Union .
The European Central Bank is in Frankfurt .
The European Central Bank is the central bank of the European Union .
The European Central Bank is based in Frankfurt .
Its purpose is to give sexual pleasure .
It is situated between the labia maior and above the labia minor .
It functions to induce sexual pleasure .
The whole of Germany without its capital Berlin was divided into four zones .
Soon after that Germany was reunited .
Contact wire fence with fence .
The only way they could do so was through the race at the Wall or try to dig a tunnel underneath .
For this the guard would get a reward of up to 500 Mark .
The guard would then have to live with the remorse of having killed someone .
Some of those guards were sentenced after the unification .
Contact wire fence with barbed wire fence .
The only way they could do so was through the race at the Wall .
This got you a reward of up to 500 Mark .
You might have to live with the remorse of perhaps having killed someone .
The wall was built to keep the country 's people in but the Soviets and East German Government said it was to keep Nazi enemies out .
They said that West Germany refused to recognize East Germany as an independent country because they wanted to take over east Germany just like Hitler took over Poland .
A mistake by the Press Officer meant the border was opened several hours before it should have been .
Millions of East German citizens celebrated the opening of the wall .
Many collected souvenirs with chisels and some TV stations filmed people hitting the wall with sledge hammers .
This image of people in West Berlin hitting the wall is presented as east Berliners breaking out .
This is not true .
The Eastern side of the wall had no graffiti on it but all pictures of people chipping away at the wall show people hitting graffiti covered wall .
The wall was built to keep the country 's people in and according the Soviets and East German Government to to keep Nazi enemies out .
A mistaken announcement by the Press Officer meant the border was opened several hours before it should have been accourding to plan .
Millions of East Germans Berlin citizens celebrated the opening of the wall .
Such deaths were not recorded properly by the authorities of East Germany thus a definitive figure may never be known .
She was injured after jumping out of the window of her apartment .
The wall was built to keep the country 's people in .
But the Soviets and East German Government said it was to keep capitalism out .
They said that West Germany refused to recognize East Germany as an independent country because they wanted to take over East Germany just like Hitler took over Poland .
Hungary opened its border and people from East Germany began moving to the west through Hungary .
This image of people in West Berlin hitting the wall is often said to be East Berliners breaking out .
The Eastern side of the wall had no graffiti on it but all pictures of people chipping away at the wall show people hitting graffiti covered walls .
The yellow line is where the Wall was .
The wall was built to keep the country 's people in but the Soviets and East German Government said it was to keep capitalism out .
They said that West Germany refused to recognize East Germany as an independent country because they wanted to take over east Germany just like Hitler took over Poland .
Hungary opened its border and people from East Germany fled to the west this way .
This image of people in West Berlin hitting the wall is presented as east Berliners breaking out .
The Eastern side of the wall had no graffiti on it but all pictures of people chipping away at the wall show people hitting graffiti covered wall .
Less than one year later Germany was reunited .
The yellow line is where the Wall is .
The most famous person is Euzebiusz Smolarek .
The football club there is called Widzew Lodz and KS Lodz .
A frame of reference is how one knows if an object is moving .
A frame of reference is how one says an object is moving .
The invasion does not go well .
The Long Parliament passes a series of laws written to help keep Charles I 's absolutist policies .
The Long Parliament passes a series of legislation designed to contain Charles I 's absolutist tendencies .
The dynasty and lands ruled by the Sultan are called Sultanate .
The dynasty and lands ruled by the Sultan is called a Sultanate .
The dynasty and lands ruled by the Sultan are called Sultanate .
It is one of the two official languages of Finland .
Finnish spelling is simple .
This means that words in Finnish have many parts inside them that make up meaning .
A case is an ending added to a word that helps describe its purpose in the sentence .
It is the larger from two official languages of Finland .
Finnish orthography is simple .
Sleep specialists often suggest better sleep hygiene to people who have sleeping problems .
Most of the muscles that animals can control on purpose are inactive .
Most of the muscles that are controlled by will are inactive .
Restricting Type .
People with this type do not use vomiting or drugs to lose weight .
This definition may be different from what an individual sufferer feels or experiences in living with the illness .
This definition may not be representative of what an individual sufferer feels or experiences in living with the illness .
This definition may be different from what an individual sufferer feels or experiences in living with the disorder .
Very great fear of gaining weight .
This definition may be different from what an individual sufferer feels or experiences in living with the illness .
Intense fear of gaining weight .
Its short name is anorexia .
People with anorexia think that they are overweight .
They try to lose weight by doing too much exercise and they avoid putting on more weight by not eating enough food .
This helps them to stay at a low weight that is not normal for their age and height .
Doctors use the DSM IV to help them to make a diagnosis and decide if a person has anorexia or not .
People with anorexia do not want to keep a body weight that is normal for their age and height .
People with anorexia think that they are fat and are afraid of putting on more weight .
Anorexia nervosa is a disorder .
It is like a disease .
People who have the disorder think that they are too fat or that they eat too much .
Many factors play a role .
Eating too little .
Starving oneself .
Exercising too much .
The idea is that exercise burns calories .
This definition may be different from what an individual sufferer feels or experiences in living with the disorder .
The patient does not want to keep a body weight that is usual for their age and height .
Very great fear of gaining weight .
The patient sees himself or herself as being fat .
Low self esteem because of the shape or weight of the body of the patient .
Patients are also often unable to see a problem in the low body weight .
People with this type do not use vomiting or drugs to lose weight .
They try to lose weight by eating too little and doing too much exercise .
This causes them to stay at a weight that is not normal for their age and height .
People with anorexia think that they are fat .
They try to lose weight by doing too much exercise .
They do not eat enough food to stop gaining weight .
This helps them to stay at a low weight that is not normal for their age and height .
There is no cure for it .
Your IP address will be seen in this page 's edit history .
Your IP address will be recorded in this page 's edit history .
The highest rank is kingdom .
Botanists usually use the word division instead of phylum .
Botanists usually use the word division more often to talk about this level of groups .
There are multiple phyla in animal kingdoms .
The major groupings in each phylum are called classes .
Chordata is the phylum humans and other mammals are in .
Conduction in science is when energy moves from one places to another place .
Heat and electricity are two kinds of energy that move by conduction .
Something that energy can easily move through is a good conductor .
Metal is a good conductor .
An insulator is a bad conductor .
Energy can not move quickly through an insulator .
Plastics are one kind of insulator .
A pan of hot soup is taken off the oven and put on a table .
The area of the table under the pot gets hot .
Heat from the pot moved to the table top by conduction .
This nickname was given to them by the press a long time ago .
Modern ketchup emerged in the early years of the 20th century .
This came from a debate over the use of sodium benzoate as a preservative in condiments .
This was due to the use of unripe tomatoes .
Those tomatoes were low in pectin .
There was also no spoiled ketchup or loss in flavor .
The changes also helped make it an important American condiment according to some experts .
Vacuum evaporation made it possible to turn tomatoes into a very thick tomato paste .
This made it easy to store at room temperature .
Vacuum evaporation made it possible to turn tomatoes into a very thick tomato paste that is easy to store at room temperature .
Users tear the side or top of the packet .
They then squeeze the ketchup out of the ketchup packets .
This is meant to offer a cleaner method of dispensing the product .
Users tear the side or top and squeeze the ketchup out of the ketchup packets .
It can cause cancer and other diseases .
Many people say that the story The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe is similar to the story of Jesus Christ .
The lion Aslan is the symbol of Jesus .
The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe is commonly understood to be a story which parallels the story of Jesus Christ .
Aslan is symbolic of Jesus .
But Narnia is currently under the spell of a witch .
This book is set during the rule of the Pevensies .
He decides to run away when he finds out he is not the son of Arsheesh .
It was published in 1954 .
A bonfire or balefire is a large controlled outdoor fire made from bales of straw or wood .
The word is believed to be a corruption of bone fire deriving from a Celtic midsummer festival where animal bones were burnt to ward off evil spirits .
The bonfire is part of a ritual of purification and consecration .
Couples who were to be wed on May Day would leap through the flames of the bonfire to seal their vows .
Nine woods are placed into a traditional Wiccan balefire .
Bonfire 's are fires that eat you when you stand too close and bend you over and burn your ring hole .
The Brie de Melun is smaller than the Brie de Meaux .
But they put more salt into it .
It is soft .
Brie is covered in a white layer .
There may be reddish patches in the layer .
The interior of the cheese should be yellowish .
The cheese has a distinct smell which is often considered to be good .
It should taste slightly nutty .
It is all covered in some white coat .
It should taste slightly like nuts .
The cheese goes extremely well with nuts .
A Chardonnay wine will go well with it .
Therefore to have a second canon of biblical writings is endorsed by Jesus himself and becauseand as this is the case here on Earth it is also true in Heaven .
Therefore to have a second canon of biblical writings is endorsed by Jesus himself and beacuse and as this is the case here on Earth it is also true in Heaven .
Deuterocanonical means second canon in Greek .
Most Protestant Christian religions refer to the deuterocanonical books as the Apocrypha .
A tornado is a spinning tube of air that touches the ground and a cloud .
Tornadoes usually happen during very strong thunderstorms .
Never be in a car or a mobile home when there is a tornado near .
A tornado is a spinning column of air that touches the ground .
Wind inside the tornado causes the spinning .
Tornadoes usually happen during thunderstorms .
A tornado is a tube of spinning air that touches the ground and a cloud .
They cause a lot of damage to anything they touch .
Many people die every year from tornadoes .
This will make you safer .
A tornado is a spinning tube of air that touches the ground and a cloud .
SATA drives are usually more expensive .
SATA drives are usually marginally more expensive for the domestic consumer .
Hard disks use different interfaces .
An interface usually has two parts .
First there is the specification of how the signals are transmitted .
The second part of the interface definition is the language to use .
This speaks about what the signals mean .
The connection that came before that was called IDE and is called Parallel ATA today .
In large data centers fiber channel is often used .
There are several different types of interface when dealing with hard drives .
SATA drives are usually more expensive .
When you hold a magnet near some other metals or other magnets they pull that metal closer .
Betty and Ted Corday made the show in 1965 .
Many good and bad things happened to the Brady family and the Horton family .
Days of Our Lives has many people around the world who like it .
Some people who watch the show every day have made websites with information about the show .
The show was created by Betty and Ted Corday in 1965 .
The Brady family and the Horton family have had many good and bad things happen to them .
Days of Our Lives has many fans around the world .
Some people who watch the show every day have created websites with information about the show .
It is shaped like a tube with one end bigger than the other end .
A recorder player puts the bigger end in their mouth and blows into it .
The recorder was often used by musicians to sound like bird songs .
By the 1900s very few people played the recorder .
They liked the flute and other instruments better than the recorder .
These instruments are louder than the recorder and are better for playing difficult music .
In the 1900s more people started to learn the recorder again .
One reason was that people wanted to play old music on old types of instruments .
A second reason was that the recorder is a good instrument for children to learn about music .
Whistles are very old instruments .
People have found some whistles that were made in the Iron Age .
A recorder is a type of whistle .
It has holes for eight fingers and one thumb .
It also has one end bigger than the other .
The first recorders were made in the 1500s .
Many people played the recorder in Europe in the 1500s and 1600s .
King Henry VIII of England owned 76 recorders .
William Shakespeare talks about recorders in his play Hamlet and John Milton talks about them in his poem Paradise Lost .
Recorders from that time are now called Renaissance recorders .
In the 1700s the people who made recorders tried new ways to make them sound better .
They also wanted them to play more difficult music .
Recorders from this time are called Baroque recorders .
They were thinner than Renaissance recorders .
They were also made in several parts that fitted together .
In the 1800s people preferred to play the flute and clarinet instead of the recorder .
Flutes are good for playing music which has a large range of notes .
Flutes are also better for playing music which needs many chromatic notes .
In the 1900s people wanted to play old music with old types of instrument .
Other musicians also began to play the recorder at serious music concerts .
The recorder is sometimes used in popular music .
Plastic recorders were invented in the 20th century .
These are cheap .
They are easy instruments to play simple tunes .
Many schools use plastic recorders to teach music to children .
Recorders are made in different sizes .
The soprano recorder is the size of recorder which is usually played in schools .
The alto recorder is bigger than the soprano recorder .
Instruments larger than the bass are made but are not common .
The recorder is a very social instrument .
Many people enjoy playing in large groups .
Groups often play music that is written for several different sizes of instrument .
Some people play in recorder orchestras .
These sometimes have 50 or 60 players with nine sizes of instrument .
It produces a high pitched noise .
These were used in Baroque music .
A recorder is played by blowing into the end of the instrument .
The opening where the player blows into the recorder guides the air across the hole which makes the sound .
King Henry VIII of England had 76 recorders .
King Henry VIII of England owned 76 recorders .
He was consecrated as a bishop in 1607 .
He later entered politics and became a Secretary of State in 1616 .
He became King Louis XIII 's chief minister in 1624 .
This in part allowed the colony to eventually develop into the heartland of francophone culture in North America .
Richelieu soon rose in both the Church and the state .
He became a Cardinal in 1622 .
Arab is a name for Semitic people who have Arabic as their mother tongue .
They can natively be found in the Middle East or North Africa .
There are between one and two hundred million Arabs living around the world .
The Arabic language as it is spoken today in its classical Quranic form was the result of a mix between the original Arabic tongue of Qahtan and the northern Arabic which borrowed from other northern Semitic languages from the Levant .
See Qahtanite .
The Arabic language as it is spoken today in its classical Quranic form was the result of a mix between the original Arabic tongue of Qahtan and the northern Arabic which borrowed from other northern Semitic languages from the Levant .
See Qahtanite .
Use of mebibyte and related units is strongly endorsed by IEEE and CIPM and is slowly becoming more common .
The i is actually from the end of the prefix .
Deforestation happens because people in many countries need to grow more food .
They remove the trees and use the land to make farms .
They also use the wood from the trees to make buildings or to burn for heat .
We give out carbon dioxide when we breathe and plants and trees take it in by photosynthesis .
Trees are also important for storing carbon .
We give out carbon dioxide when we breathe and plants and trees take it in by photosnythesis .
A sponge is a very simple animal .
It can not move from place to place the way most other animals can .
A sponge is an animal that grows in one spot like most plants do .
Most sponges live in the ocean .
Some live near the edge of the sea .
Others live in deep water .
A few sponges live in fresh water .
The water goes out through a big tube in the center .
Animals that get food this way are called filter feeders .
Male and female cells join and become larvae .
The movement of sea water takes the larvae to new places .
Then each larva sticks to one spot and grows into a new sponge .
People often take sponges from the sea and dry them .
People use the dried sponges as tools for washing .
A sponge is a very simple kind of animal .
It lives in the ocean .
It is a filter feeder .
The tissue of the sponges has very little structure .
There are over 15000 different kinds of sponges currently known .
They can reproduce both sexually and asexually .
They usually wash with a sponge .
There are 3 different kinds of sponges .
The difference between these kinds is in how their skeleton is made .
This class contains most of the sponges .
The sponges in this class make their skeleton from spongin .
Spongin is a special protein .
All the large sponges are in this order .
They are known as Calcarea .
The second kind of sponges use silicon dioxide to make their skeletons .
Most of these live in great depths in the ocean .
A switch is a something that changes the flow of a circuit .
The term switch usually means electrical power .
The switch is called a gate when used in a mathematical form .
The term switch typically refers to electrical power or electronic telecommunication circuits .
The switch is referred to as a gate when abstracted to mathematical form .
Both peerage titles became extinct when he died .
His works establish and popularize an inductive methodology for scientific inquiry .
He was knighted in 1603 .
Because he did n't have children both titles ended when he died .
He was born on 22 January 1561 and died on 9 April 1626 .
His first job was a lawyer .
He became best known as a leading thinker in new ways of looking at the world .
His writings started and made famous a way of thinking about science .
This way of thinking is now called the Baconian method .
It is based on looking at the world by making experiments .
After watching the results the scientist comes up with an idea to explain what has happened .
This idea or hypothesis is then further tested by experiments .
This way of thinking about science is called inductive methodology .
In Bacon 's time these methods were linked with magic including hermeticism and alchemy .
Alchemists tried to make gold from lead .
Both peerage titles became extinct when he died .
His works establish and popularize an inductive methodology for scientific inquiry .
Sled dogs are used for mushing and are useally Huskeys .
Most people will link the word Pulitzer to the Pulitzer Prizes .
They said his healpth was bad and that he did not see too well .
He went to live in the United States in 1864 to serve in the American Civil War .
He emigrated to the United States in 1864 to serve in the American Civil War .
The editor of the rival New York Sun attacked Pulitzer in print .
He calling him The Jew who gave up his religion .
This was in 1890 .
This was intended to turn away Pulitzer 's Jewish readership .
He continued to actively manage the paper from his vacation retreat in Bar Harbor Maine and his New York mansion .
He is best known for his socially colored journalism .
He is best known for his scoially colored journalism .
The word Arachnida comes from an old Greek legend about a girl named Arachne .
The word Arachnida come from an old Greek legend about a girl named Arachne .
I 'd suggest that we simplify recent changes to new changes and random page to go to any page .
How does that sound ?
The remaining complex links can not be removed as they are part of the core software and so would break the sidebar if they were changed .
Hope this helps .
There 's nothing that needs changing .
U wot ?
Yes they can .
Hope this clears that up .
Division by zero is a problem of number theory that does not allow a number to be divided by zero .
Division by Zero is a problem of number theory that does not allow a number to be divided by zero .
The problem is that A could be any number .
This means that the normal rules of math do not work when the number is divided by zero .
This means that the normal rules of math do not work when you divide by zero .
Ivysaur is an animal from the Pokemon story .
Ivysaur is an animal from the pokemon story .
He then takes a big weapon called Panzerschreck and threatens to blow up the Ark as it is being loaded onto an island .
He then takes a Panzerschreck and threatens to blow up the Ark as it is being loaded onto an island .
A World 's Fair is a large exhibition of industry and culture .
They are also called expositions or expos .
This type of exhibition occurs since the middle of the 19th century .
The Bureau of International Expositions officially takes care of them .
This love for the fiddle has gone together with a kind of dancing called jigging .
It is traditionally about three metres in length and is made by weaving yarn together with one 's fingers .
The Red River Coat came from the Metis culture .
Some say these were not really rebellions .
Recent DNA and research has often shown forgotten Aboriginal lineages in many people of French Canadian and Acadian descent .
This affection for the fiddle has been accompanied by a form of dancing referred to as jigging .
It is traditionally roughly three metres in length and is made by weaving yarn together with one 's fingers .
The Red River Coat is historically recognized as coming from the Metis culture .
Their large early contribution to Canada 's evolution and formation as a nation has often been underestimated or downplayed by past historians .
Reasonable doubts may be raised about whether either of these events was a rebellion .
Courteney Cox is an American actress who played Monica on the television series Friends .
Courteney Cox plays Monica who is Jewish .
Each episode featured a famous guest star .
Alderney is one of the Channel Islands in the English Channel between England and France .
One common plane mirror is a piece of special flat glass that a person can look into in order to see themselves or what is behind him .
One common plane mirror is a piece of special flat glass that a person can look into in order to see themselves or what is behind them .
One common plane mirror is a piece of special flat glass that a person can look into in order to see themselves or what is behind him .
Ford 's first car was made in 1908 .
It was called a Model T.
It was the first horseless carriage that he built .
Few places like Ford are as said to have shaped the history and development of industry and society in the 20th century as Ford Motor Company .
Ford 's first car was 1908 's Model T.
It was the first horseless carriage that he actually built .
The Quadricycle showed enough popularity and potential that it launched the beginning of Ford 's business ventures .
Few companies are as closely identified with the history and development of industry and society throughout the 20th century as Ford Motor Company .
Dreadlocks are a common hairstyle of Rastafarians .
Naturality is an important part of the Rastafari way of life .
Dreadlocks are the characteristic hairstyle of Rastafarians .
Naturaliy is an important tenet of the Rastafari religion and way of life .
He never just followed a formula .
The oil sketches of and convey a vigor missing from his finished paintings of the same subjects .
Constable 's watercolors were also remarkably free for their time .
The sketches were the first ever done in oils directly from the subject in the open air .
This gave an impression of sparkling light over the landscape .
Constable quietly rebelled against the artistic culture that taught artists to use their imagination to compose their pictures rather than nature itself .
The sketches themselves were the first ever done in oils directly from the subject in the open air .
It tells us that we do not hear speech with only our ears .
We use our other senses too .
He had a watercolor painting in 1790 in the Academy 's important show held every summer .
He had a watercolor painting in the Academy 's important yearly summer show in 1790 .
A popular video format was the VHS .
A popular video formats was VHS .
It is regarded as the worst nuclear accident in the history of nuclear power .
The accident raised concerns about the safety of the Soviet nuclear power industry .
It is difficult to estimate the number of deaths which were caused by the events at Chernobyl .
So many people which are affected have not died yet .
Most deaths will be from different forms of cancer .
It will be hard to say that someone who died of cancer actually died as a consequence to radiation exposure at Chernobil .
It is regarded as the worst accident in the history of nuclear power .
The accident raised concerns about the safety of the Soviet nuclear power industry .
Since then Russia Ukraine and Belarus became separate countries .
Those countries have been burdened with continuing costs for decontamination and health care because of the Chernobyl accident .
It slowed its expansion for a number of year and forced the Soviet government to become less secretive .
Those countries have been burdened with continuing costs for decontamination and health care because of the accident .
Exposure to radiation leads to a higher risk of getting cancer .
It is difficult to accurately tell the number of deaths caused by the events at Chernobyl .
Most of the people affected have not died yet .
Those countries have been burdened with continuing costs for decontamination and health care because of the Chernobyl accident .
Those countries have been burdened with continuing costs for decontamination and health care because of the accident .
They try to clean up radioactive material .
Many other animals both sleep and wake at different times of the day .
They lay in a bed and sometimes dream .
Another meaning of the word conference is when business people come together to talk about things .
This is then called a conference call .
Another meaning of the word conference is when businesspeople come together to talk about things .
This is then caalled a conference call .
A Conference is an event where people get together to discuss things .
Many other types of people other than scientists attend conferences also .
Another meaning of the word conference is when business people come together to talk about things .
This is then called a conference call .
They spread the trees to the western part of the Mediterranean .
They are also good for the immune system and to bring down high levels of cholesterol .
It was them who spread the trees to the western part of the Mediterranean .
They are also good for the immune system and to bring down high levels of Cholesterol .
It is put into some liquid that makes it less bitter .
This is a very important vegetable oil .
It is put into some solution that makes it less bitter .
This is probably the one of the best vegetable oils in existence .
The olive tree is a sign of peace .
IBM is the biggest Information Technology company in the world .
IBM has had the most patents of any technology company for many years .
IBM holds the most patents of any tech company for many years .
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz and Isaac Newton developed most of the basis of mathematical analysis .
An example for mathematical analysis are limits .
Limits can also be use to see what happens when things get very big .
It is only possible to calculate the slope by using tangents and secants .
Most of the basis of mathematical analysis was developed by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz and Isaac Newton .
An example for mathematical analysis are limis .
We can also use limits to see what happens when things get very big .
This is called difference quotient .
The result is called derivative or slope .
The integration is about the calculation of areas .
The a is the point where the area should start and the b where the area ends .
A grasshopper is an insect .
Grasshoppers that form large swarms they are called locusts .
A Grasshopper is an insect .
If they form large swarms they are called locusts .
Arachnophobia is a fear of spiders .
People who have it usually do not want to go to anywhere they believe there are many spiders .
Arachnophobia is an abnormal fear of spiders .
Those who do often do not want to go to an area where they believe there are many spiders .
He or she might not remember the event .
The organization wants to monitor and promote the peaceful use of nuclear energy .
The aim of the organization is to monitor and promote the peaceful use of nuclear energy .
When an antigen is introduced into the body it causes the production of antibodies .
When an antigen is introduced into the body it stimulates the production of an antibody .
Information Entropy is a concept from information theory .
The concept of information entropy was created by a mathematician .
Entropy is a concept from information theory .
The concept of entropy was created by a mathematician .
The Spice Girls are a popular pop group formed in 1994 .
The five girls reunited in 2007 and announced a world tour which started in December .
A Greatest Hits album was released .
The Spice Girls are the British girl group that formed in 1994 .
The remaining members continued but went on separate ways in February 2001 .
Her stories are about murders and finding out who did them .
Hercule Poirot is a private detective from Belgium .
She also wrote romance novels and theater plays .
The stories she writes are about a murder and finding out who did it .
The most well known of her characters in her books are Miss Marple and Hercule Poirot .
Hercule Poirot is a police detective from Belgium .
She also wrote romance novels and plays for the theater .
The city was originally private property .
There are arguments about the age of the Great Barrier Reef .
These come from how reefs grow and shrink as the sea level changes .
They can also grow upwards from 1 to 15 cm per year .
The land that makes the bottom of the Great Barrier Reef was a coastal plain .
Corals began to grow around the hills of the coastal plain .
These has become continental islands .
The corals could then grow over the hills .
This formed the present cays and reefs .
Disagreements about the age of the Great Barrier Reef stem from how reefs grow and shrink as the sea level changes .
Corals have been growing in the region for as long as 25 million years .
The corals have not always formed coral reefs .
It is difficult to work out the age of the Great Barrier Reef .
This is because of the way a reef can grow and shrink as the sea level changes .
It started to grow on an older reef .
This makes the beginning of the reef during the Last Glacial Maximum .
The land that forms the bottom of the Great Barrier Reef was a coastal plain .
The plain had some large hills .
Some of these hills were parts of older reefs .
The remains of a very old barrier reef has been can be found in the Kimberley area .
This is in the northern part of Western Australia .
The Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area has been divided into 70 different areas .
These are called bioregions .
Each bioregion has its own special plants and animals .
These kinds of reef are not found in the rest of the Great Barrier Reef system .
There are arguments about the age of the Great Barrier Reef .
These come from how reefs grow and shrink as the sea level changes .
The land that makes the bottom of the Great Barrier Reef was a coastal plain .
Chicks hatched in a hatchery can starve to death if there is no hen to teach them what to eat .
Chicks hatched in a hatchery have been known to starve to death in the absence of a hen to teach them what to eat .
It 's former name found in history books is Mai Kolachi Jo Goth and Karatishi is also one of the old version of its name .
It 's former name found in history books is Mai Kolachi Jo Goth and Karatishi is also one of the old version of it 's name .
As far as the area is concerned Karachi is the second smallest city in Pakistan after Jhelum .
It has Five districts 1 .
District South 2 .
District East 3 .
District West 4 .
District Central 5 .
Distrct Malir .
Karachi has most number of districts in Sindh after Hyderabad that has six districts .
The cyrillic letter is usually written as ya .
The Cyrillic letter is usually written as ya .
Transliteration is a type of change in systems of writing or alphabets in which the biggest concern is for the individual letters or tokens to stay the same .
Transliteration is what happens when a mapping is created between the different systems of writing .
The cyrillic letter is usually written as ya .
The Way that can be explained in words is not the true Way .
People say he wrote the Tao Te Ching .
He wrote a book with stories that talk about Taoism .
The Way that can be explained in words is not the true Way .
Poverty is a hurdle in the way of a country 's progress .
Education teaches the poor about their rights and may show them the path to become an important part in growth and expansion of the country .
The desire of a nation to come out of poverty is necessary to stop this problem forever .
Poverty is a hurdle in the way of a nation or country looking forward to make progress economically to march ahead in these times .
We can control poverty by educating poor people in a way that they start contributing in a nation 's economic development .
Education shall teach the poor about their rights and may show them the path to become an important part in growth and expansion of the country .
The urge and desire of a nation to come out of poverty is necessary to curb it forever .
The most famous part of the British Empire was the East India Company .
The most famous parts of the British Empire was the East India Company .
The most famous part of the British Empire was the East India Trading Company .
More than 500 million people were brought under the control of the British Empire .
More than 500 million were brought under the control of the crown .
Nationalists think that the best way to make this happen is for every ethnic group to have its own nation or society that they can rule without being controlled or oppressed by anybody else .
Nationalists think that the world is better with lots of cultural diversity .
They also think that diversity is threatened by worldwide influences and mixing .
Nationalism is the opposite of imperialism .
Imperialism tries to make big nations that have many ethnic groups .
Nationalists think that such hierarchy is bad .
Nationalists think that the best way to make this happen is for every ethnic group to have own nation or society that they can rule without being controlled or oppressed by anybody else .
Nationalists thinks the world is better with lots of cultural diversity that is threatened by worldwide influences and mixing .
Nationalism is opposite to imperialism which tries to make big nations in which many ethnic groups live .
In imperialist states some goups are usually more powerful and seen as better than others .
Nationalists thinks such hierarchy is bad .
They say that in nations with one ethnic group everyone is with same value and power .
Drought means when not enough rain falls for a long time .
It can become dangerous to people if there is a famine and they starve .
Drought means an extended amount of time when no precipitation falls to the ground .
This may cause other effects such as famine and scarcity of animals .
All plants will die and animals will too .
A Drought is when not enough rain falls for a long time .
Drought means when not enough rain falls for a long time .
It can become dangerous to people and cause famine and even create deserts .
Many European countries as well as Japan and the United States created colonies in Africa during this time period .
This is an example of New Imperialism .
The last fifty years of the 19th century saw a change in the way countries controlled their colonies .
They changed from control by military and economic rule to direct control of the colonies during the 1870s .
This was shown by the scramble for territory in areas that were once controlled by Western society .
It defined effective occupation as the rule for international recognition of colonial claims .
Laws were made for using direct rule on a colony .
These laws were made possible because of armed force .
Many European countries created colonies in Africa during this time .
This was shown by the fight for land in areas that were once controlled by Western society .
These laws were possible because of armed force .
Many European countries created colonies in Africa during this time period .
This was shown by the scramble for territory in areas that were once controlled by Western society .
These laws were made possible because of armed force .
Many European countries started colonies in Africa during this time .
The last half of the 19th century saw a change in the way countries controlled their colonies .
This was seen in the fight for the areas that were controlled by European nations .
Many European countries created colonies in Africa during this time .
The last fifty years of the 19th century saw a change in the way countries controlled their colonies .
They changed from control by military and economic rule to direct control of the colonies during the 1870s .
This was shown by the fight for land in areas that were once controlled by Western society .
It defined effective occupation as the rule for international recognition of colonial claims .
Laws were made for using direct rule on a colony .
These laws were possible because of armed force .
BUMBLE BEES .
BUMBLE BEES .
It has a special ink pouch that it uses to darken the water when it feels like it is in danger .
It has a special ink pouch that it uses to darken the water when feeling dangered .
They eat mostly fish and crabs .
Most qin schools and groups are based in China .
During the 20th century some societies began in other countries .
Qin study was initially confined to China in ancient times .
Today countries like Japan also have their own qin small traditions .
The Tokyo Qin Society was recently founded .
The Ripuarian Franks were a subtribe of the Franks until approximately in the year 508 .
They will return in four years and will produce another studio album in 5 .
Which was a song about the realities of Hollywood and that its not all a glamorous place .
They will be returning in four years and will produce another studio album in 5 .
Which was a song about the realitys of hollywood and that its not all a glamerous place .
Which was a song about the realities of Hollywood and that its not all a glamorous place .
They went to the Alex Pilibos School for Armenian Americans in Los Angeles .
They said they were going to come back together in a few years .
They went to the Alex Pilibos school for Armenian Americans in Los Angeles .
This was known as a Diktat .
The French made the Treaty very hard for the Germans in order to make sure that Germany would never again be able to start a new war .
This sum was not even fixed .
If Germany put troops back into the Rhineland the punishment would be France going into Germany .
Belgium was given Moresnet and Eupen and Malmedy .
Versailles also split up many large empires on the losing side .
But it also created problems .
One was Austria .
Its capital was Vienna .
The new country of Hungary was also created .
Its capital was Budapest .
The Czech part was made up of the country once called Bohemia and Moravia .
Its capital was Prague .
Italy gained parts of Austria .
Greece did gain most of the islands in the Aegean Sea from Turkey and parts of Bulgaria .
The League of Nations decided that parts of old Turkey were given to France and Great Britain to protect and keep peace in the area .
France ruled Syria and Lebanon .
Many Germans hated the treaty and some even wanted to fight more after Versailles .
Japan took a part of China called Manchuria and the League was not able to stop it .
The French made the Treaty for the Germans so that Germany would not be able to start a new war .
Their Navy were also forced to limit the amount of battleships they owned to only six .
The French made the Treaty very hard for the Germans in order to make sure that Germany would never again be able to start a new war .
Their Navy were also forced to restrict the amount of battleships they owned to only six .
The Most Honourable Order of the Bath is a British order of chivalry .
It was founded by George I on 18 May 1725 .
People think the order was founded in the Middle Ages .
The order is first mentioned in 1128 .
The name comes from an old ceremony .
They did this on the day before they were made a knight .
The ceremony was abolished in 1815 .
The Most Honourable Order of the Bath is a British order of chivalry founded by George I on 18 May 1725 .
The insignia is that of the Order of the Bath .
Members of the order now belong to either the Civil or the Military Division .
The union of the kingddoms is more likely .
A symbol of the Order that is seen over and over has three crowns in it .
Members now belong to either the Civil or the Military Division .
Then it gives rules in which you can make other sets from the already known sets .
Then it gives rules with which you can make other sets from the already known sets .
Of these Cornish became extinct in the 18th century but people have started speaking it again now .
Of these Cornish became extinct in the 18th century but has been revived in recent decades .
There are several more collections .
Jordanhill railway station is in the suburb of Glasgow .
He was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby in 1962 .
He was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby and he was created in 1962 .
Some people from the part of India known as Konkan speak Konkani language .
Konkan is on the west coast of India .
The people who speak Konkani language are called as Konkani people or Konkanis .
People from different regions use different scripts .
Konkani people from Goa and Maharashtra use Devanagari script .
Konkani people from Karnataka use Kannada script .
People in Goa use Roman script .
Konkani Muslims use Arabic script .
Konkani people from Kerala use Malayalam script .
It is spoken in the part of India known as Konkan .
Konkan is on the west coast of India .
Konkani is written in many different scripts .
Every script is used in a different region .
Devanagari is used in Goa and Maharashtra .
Kannada script is used in Karnataka .
Roman script is used mainly by Christians in Goa .
Arabic script is used mainly by Konkani Muslims .
Malayalam script is used is Kerala .
On the other side of the river is Rabat 's bedroom community .
Silting problems have lowered the city 's role as a port .
Some are from sweatshop labor by major businesses .
Rome held the colony until 250 AD .
They gave it up to local rulers .
It was used as a starting point for attacks on Spain .
Yaqub 's death a period of decline at first .
The Almohad empire lost control of its land in Spain and much of its African territory .
Eventually this led to its total collapse .
The republic was run by Barbary pirates who used the two cities as base ports for starting attacks on shipping .
The pirates did not have to fight with any central authority until the Alaouite Dynasty united Morocco in 1666 .
European and Muslims authorities continued to attempt to control the pirates over many years .
The Republic of Bou Regreg did not collapse until 1818 .
This led to the attack of the city by Austria in 1829 after an Austrian ship had been lost to a pirate attack .
Sultan Moulay Youssef followed the decision of the French and moved his home to Rabat .
He insisted on such action after Americans became involved in Lebanon in 1958 .
The United States agreed to leave as of December 1959 .
They were fully out of Morocco by 1963 .
It also had completed USAF bases in Spain in 1959 .
It moves from cool in winter to warm days in the summer months .
Rome held the colony until 250 AD when they abandoned it to local rulers .
Yaqub 's death initiated a period of decline .
The republic was run by Barbary pirates who used the two cities as base ports for launching attacks on shipping .
The pirates did not have to contend with any central authority until the Alaouite Dynasty united Morocco in 1666 .
Sultan Moulay Youssef followed the decision of the French and moved his residence to Rabat .
Mohammed V University is located in the city .
These proteins are also produced by a man 's prostate gland and are found in semen .
The theory says that some apes started walking on two legs and began to use their hands to carry things about 5 million years ago .
Nowadays it is thought that some apes started walking on two legs and began to use hands to carry things about 5 million years ago .
Evolution means that we are all distant cousins .
Turkey bacon and chicken bacon usually contain half of the fat of pork based bacon .
Usually bacon comes from a pig but because some people want to eat healthier they also tend to make bacon out of turkeys .
Bacon contains high amounts of fat and half .
Bacon contains high amounts of fat .
Bacon contains high amounts of fat and half .
They wrote down the things they learned and this helped the young Babylonians learn more than the olders had .
They wrote down the things they learned and this helped the young Babylonians learn more than the elders had .
They wrote down the things they learned and this helped the young Babylonians learn more than the older Babylonians knew .
They wrote down the things they learned and this helped the young Babylonians learn more than the olders had .
Babylonia was combined by Sumer and Akkad .
You are dumb .
You are dumb .
Napalm was originally made by combining flammable naphthalene and petrol with a thickening agent palmitic acid .
The latter two are the main ingredients of Molotov cocktails .
They are relatively easy to make .
They are commonly associated with irregular military forces and rioters .
This is is called arson .
When people sneeze the speed is about 150 kilometers per hour or more .
When people sneeze the speed is about 150 kilometer or more .
An oval is a shape .
It looks like an egg or an ellipse .
It is not well defined and can describe many different shapes .
An oval is a closed curve with two foci .
It can be described by an implicitly defined polynomial equation of degree two .
It also kinda looks like a squashed circle .
An oval is a shape .
It looks like an egg or an ellipse .
It is not well defined and can describe many different shapes .
The flute stops sound like flutes in an orchestra .
The strings are quiet stops which sound like string instruments .
The flute stops sound rather like flutes in an orchestra .
The strings are quiet stops which sound rather like string instruments .
The organist plays the instrument using both the hands and the feet .
The pipes are made of metal or wood .
They are lined up in rows in the organ case which can be as big as a room .
The metal pipes are round tubes .
For some reason this alloy makes pipes that sound very good .
Some organs also have some pipes made of brass that sound like trumpets .
Most organs have a lot of wooden pipes .
The wooden pipes are not round .
They have four flat sides .
They make quite a different sound to the spotted metal pipes .
The wooden pipes are not usually seen .
Each pipe can play only one note which depends on its size .
The small pipes play high notes and the large pipes play low notes .
The wind chests can be kept full in two ways .
This sucks in air and fills the wind chest .
Pumping the bellows of a large pipe organ is heavy work .
The organist uses keyboards like those on a piano to play the organ .
Organists do n't call them keyboards they call them manuals .
Apart from the manuals there are two other important parts of the console .
There are a set of long wooden pedals which the organist can play with his feet .
On either side of the manuals there are rows of stops which look like knobs .
He also has to think about the sort of voice that the organ should play in .
He can play different ranks of pipes together by pulling out several stops .
This can happen in several ways .
Traditional organs have what is called a tracker action .
They are worked by levers under the keyboard .
The console does n't have to be close to the organ .
It is played with the hands and the feet .
The organist sits on a bench to play .
This is the area which has all the controls .
Organists call these keyboards manuals .
There are pedals which the organist plays with his feet .
Each pipe will play one single note .
In traditional organs with mechanical action the player sits facing the pipes with the console directly underneath the pipes .
When the player presses a key a system of rods and levers makes something open up the pipe so that the note sounds .
Many organs nowadays have a console which is not anywhere near the pipes .
This is called a detached console .
The action can not be mechanical if the console is detached .
A system called tubular pneumatic has often been used in the past .
Nowadays some kind of electric action is most common .
These wires use magnetic switches to power the valves open and shut .
Many 19th century organs in England and America were placed in corners of churches where they could not be properly heard .
Many 19th century organs in England and America were placed in corners of churches where they could not be heard .
There became fewer and fewer Manx speakers during the 19th century and the language was replaced by English .
There became less and less Manx speakers during the 19th century and the language was replaced by English .
Peeled or unpeeled apples can be used and different spices or additives like cinnamon can be used .
Parents often feed their babies because teeth are not needed to eat it .
Peeled or unpeeled apples can be used and a variety of spices or additives like cinnamon can be used .
It is often fed to babies because teeth are not needed to eat it .
A pimp is a man who controls a group of hoes or prostitutes .
It can be used to make new friends .
It was started in 2004 .
Pictures and videos can be put on it .
Hyves can be seen as an alternetive to Facebook or the German VZ Networks .
It was started in 2004 .
It has over 9 million users .
It can be used to make new friends or to stay in touch with old friends .
That is the reason why it is very popular in the Netherlands .
Pictures and videos can be put and shared on it .
Hyves is similar to Facebook or the German VZ Networks .
It can be used to make new friends .
It is very popular in the Netherlands .
Pictures and videos can be put on it .
Hyves can be seen as an alternetive to Facebook or the German VZ Networks .
The urethra also carries urine out of the bladder .
The urethra also carries urine away from the bladder .
The scientific name for the sex organs is genitalia or genitals .
The sex organs are informally referred to as the private parts or privates .
The scientific name for the sex organs is or .
The sex organs are informally referred to as the or .
The places where Irish spoken a lot are called Gaeltacht areas .
The places where Irish is spoken a lot are called Gaeltacht areas .
The goal was to send a human to explore the Moon and bring him home to earth safe .
RAID as an acronym stands for Redundant Array of Inexpensive Disks or Redundant Array of Independent Disks .
RAID is an acronym stands for Redundant Array of Inexpensive Disks or Redundant Array of Independent Disks .
This file system is vulnerable to a wide variety of hazards other than physical disk failure .
A RAID array 's file system is vulnerable to a wide variety of hazards other than physical disk failure .
This allows multiple spindles to increase transfer rates for linear transfers .
They greatly benefit from disk striping .
Examples for such applications are those using video or audio files .
RAID 6 uses two parity blocks .
These are calculated in a special way over a polynomial .
Some Intel mainboards have RAID chip that has this feature .
Some intel mainboards have RAID chip that has this feature .
The failure rate is how often a system fails .
Array that have redundancy can recover from some failures .
The mean time to recovery says how long it takes until a failed array is back to its normal state .
The failure rate is a frequency of how often a system fails .
Arrays that have redundancy can recover from some failures .
RAID allows different disks to be put together to get a logical disk .
Each one of the RAID levels mentioned above has good and bad points .
RAID allows to put different disks together to get a logical disk .
Each one of the RAID levels mentioned above has its benefits and drawbacks .
RAID 0 is not really RAID because it is not redundant .
With RAID 0 the disks are simply put together to make a large disk .
This is called striping .
RAID Level 5 is mostly used .
Special expensive disks and a special controller are needed to use RAID Level 2 .
RAID level 6 was not an original RAID level .
RAID 0 is not really RAID .
It is not redundant .
Often this is called striping .
With RAID1 two disks are put together .
RAID Level 5 is very widely used .
RAID level 6 was not among the original RAID levels .
There are many things that can happen to this file system other than physical disk failure .
RAID will not save data when a user modifies it or deletes it by accident .
The backup must be kept in a different place .
It is difficult to move RAID to a new system .
There is a certain kind of Metadata that says how the RAID is set up .
A RAID BIOS must be able to read this metadata so that it can successfully construct the array and make it accessible to an operating system .
This file system is vulnerable to a wide variety of hazards other than physical disk failure .
RAID will not save data from accidental modification or deletion by the user .
RAID is not readily moved to a new system .
A RAID BIOS must be able to read metadata from the array members in order to successfully construct the array and make it accessible to an operating system .
Even if the disk fails the data on the array is accessible to users .
RAID is an acronym that stands for Redundant Array of Inexpensive Disks or Redundant Array of Independent Disks .
Make a loss of data that can not be brought back less likely .
Get more storage space by combining several smaller disks .
Most of the work on RAID is based on a paper written in 1988 .
The price of building a RAID system has become less over time .
RAID as an acronym stands for Redundant Array of Inexpensive Disks or Redundant Array of Independent Disks .
Make an unrecoverable loss of data less likely .
Get more storage capacity by combining several smaller disks .
Most of the work is based on a paper written in 1988 .
The price of building a RAID system has steadily decreased .
RAID does not protect data from natural or man made disasters such as fires and floods .
RAID does not protect data from natural or man made disaster such as fires and floods .
With RAID 0 the disks are simply put together to make a large disk .
One of the reasons why many companies are using RAID is that the data in the array can simply be used .
Those using the data need not be aware they are using RAID at all .
A disk failing at that time will result in losing all the data in the array .
A disk failing at that time will result in data loss .
To get more storage space by having many smaller disks .
To get more storage space by having lots of smaller disks .
These goals ca n't all be in one RAID system at the same time .
Such systems can be used to store music or movies .
The other RAID levels can only detect errors .
Body piercing or just piercing is the act of putting a hole in the skin of humans .
People make this hole so that they can put jewellery through the hole later .
Body piercing or simply piercing is the act of putting a hole in the skin of humans .
This hole is made to later put jewellery through that hole .
Any soul which has conquered its own inner enemies and achieved the state of supreme being is called jina which means conqueror or victor .
Eels are used in Cantonese food and Shanghai food too .
Eels are used in Cantonese and Shanghai cuisine too .
Some scientists think that the Loch Ness Monster might be a giant eel .
True eels are fish of the order Anguilliformes .
The orders are divided into 19 families .
The families are divided into 110 genera .
The genera are then divided into species .
There are 400 species of eels in all .
Eels have fewer fins than other fish .
They are missing belly and chest fins .
The fins do not have spines .
The shoulder bones are separate from the skull .
Eels hatch from eggs .
The number of rays of the gill webbing ranges from 6 to 51 .
Some kinds of eels do not have any rays .
Their fins are always spineless .
The back and anal fins are long .
Usually they are connected with the tail fin .
The belly and chest fins are absent .
The shoulder girdle is separate from the skull .
The scales are cycloid or absent .
The flat and transparent larva of the eel is called a leptocephalus .
They thought the babies were a different species .
Most eels prefer to live in the shallowest parts of the ocean .
Eels in the Anguillidae family comes to fresh water to dwell there .
Some eels live in the deep parts of the ocean instead .
Eels in the Nemichthyidae family swim about 500 m below the ocean surface .
True eels are teleost fish .
True eels are fish .
It is unclear where this tradition comes from .
In modern times chocolate eggs with a colorful wrapping are also used to give to children and eat .
Where this tradition comes from is unclear .
Most likely it comes from a pagan fertility ritual during spring .
An easter egg may also refer to secret things added in computer programs .
It is a special day because it remembers the day when Jesus .
It is a special day because it remembers Jesus .
It is a special day because it remembers the day when Jesus .
The holiday is often at the same time as the Jewish holiday of Passover .
Journal of the Royal Astronomical Society 31 .
He had told the guards that whomever he kisses was the one they were to arrest .
Jesus was brought to the house of Annas .
There he was questioned .
Lots of people came and said things about Jesus to make him look bad .
He also said that he did not know Jesus three times to people standing by .
They said he was troubling the nation .
Pilate questioned Jesus .
He told the people that Jesus had nothing to be sentenced for .
Herod sent Jesus back to Pilate .
Pilate told the people that neither he nor Herod have found Jesus guilty .
It was a custom during the feast of Passover for the Romans to let one prisoner go free as requested by the Jews .
Pilate asked the crowd whom they would like to go free .
He had gone to prison for murdering people .
Pilate asked what they would have him do with Jesus .
She had had a dream about him earlier that day .
The chief priests demanded that Jesus be sentenced to death because he claimed to be God 's son .
This filled Pilate with fear .
He washed his own hands in water to show he has no part in this .
In Latin it is called Calvary .
Jesus is hung on the cross for six hours in extreme pain .
He then gave up his spirit .
There is an earthquake .
The tomb was in a garden .
This article is about a religious holiday .
Good Friday is a holy day that Christians celebrate on the Friday before Easter .
It is a special day because it remembers Jesus .
So Jesus did not have a choice .
He was on the cross for a few hours not three days as they say .
So good chance that he could still be alive at the end .
Why would he want a son ?
Good Friday is a religious holiday usually observed by Christians .
Most of them can survive at very high or very low temperatures .
The INC says it was made by Jesus Christ .
It say it was made by Jesus Christ .
His early poems are made in Russian poetic tradition of the XVIII century .
His early poems are made in Russian poetic tradition of XVIII century .
There are no North Slavs .
There are no north slavs .
He was the biggest enemy of the Roman Republic .
He marched an army from Iberia over the Pyrenees mountains and the Alps mountains into northern Italy and defeated the Romans in a series of battles .
He kept an army in Italy for many years .
A Roman invasion of North Africa made him return to Carthage .
He lost and the Romans made him leave Carthage .
Hannibal is listed as one of the greatest military commanders in history .
Hannibal which means mercy of Baal .
He was the son of Hamilcar Barca .
Hamilcar began to conquer the tribes of Spain .
Carthage at the time was in a poor condition .
Hamilcar had to march towards the Pillars of Hercules and ferry it across the strait .
Hannibal was quite young .
He begged to go with his father .
Hamilcar said yes and made Hannibal promise that he would never be a friend of Rome .
He spent two years consolidating his holdings and finishing the conquest of Iberia south of the river Ebro .
Rome feared the growing strength of Hannibal .
They made an alliance with the city of Saguntum and claimed to be protecting the city .
Saguntum was south of the river Ebro .
Hannibal attacked the city because of this .
It was captured after eight months .
Rome wanted justice from Carthage .
The Carthaginian government saw nothing wrong with Hannibal 's actions .
The war Hannibal wanted was declared at the end of the year .
He fought his way north to the Pyrenees .
He defeating the tribes through clever mountain tactics and stubborn fighting .
Hannibal got away from a Roman force sent to fight him in Gaul .
His journey over the mountains is one of the most famous achievements of any military force .
He had arrived with only half the forces he had started with and only a few elephants .
Publius Cornelius Scipio commanded the Roman force sent to stop Hannibal .
He did not expected Hannibal to cross the Alps .
He expected to fight Hannibal in Spain .
He moved his army to Italy by sea in time to meet Hannibal .
The opposing forces fought at Ticinus .
This victory did much to weaken Roman control over the Gauls .
The Gauls decided to join the Carthaginians .
Soon all of northern Italy was unofficially allied .
Hannibal 's army was ready to invade Italy .
Scipio retreated across the River Trebia .
He camped at the town of Placentia and waited for more troops .
The senate had ordered Sempronius Longus to bring his army from Sicily to meet Scipio and face Hannibal .
Hannibal was in position to head him off .
Sempronius avoided Hannibal and joined Scipio near the Trebbia River near Placentia .
Hannibal found Flaminius camped at Arretium .
Hannibal marched around his opponent 's left side and cut Flaminius off from Rome .
Hannibal made Flaminius chase him .
He killed Flaminius as well .
He had gotten rid of the only force that could stop him from getting to Rome .
He realized that without siege engines he could not hope to take the capital .
He decided to comtinue on into central and southern Italy .
He hoped this show of strength would create a revolt against the Roman government .
Rome was put into an immense state of panic .
They appointed a dictator named Quintus Fabius Maximus .
He was an intelligent and prudent general .
Fabius adopted the Fabian strategy .
He refused open battle with his opponent while placing several Roman armies in Hannibal 's vicinity to limit his movement .
Fabius sent out small detachments against Hannibal 's foraging parties .
Residents of small northern villages were told to post lookouts .
They could gather their livestock and possessions and take refuge into fortified towns .
This would wear down the invaders ' endurance .
Hannibal decided to march through Samnium to Campania .
He hoped that the devastation would draw Fabius into battle .
Fabius refused to let himself be drawn into battle .
His troops became irritated by his cowardly spirit .
His policies were not liked .
Romans were used to facing their enemies in the field .
The people wanted to see a quick end to the war .
The rest of autumn continued with frequent skirmishes .
He had placed himself between the Romans and their source of supply .
The Roman Senate resumed their Consular elections in 216 .
They chose Caius Terentius Varro and Lucius Aemilius Paullus as Consuls .
The Romans raised a new army that was much larger than ever before .
The Roman army marched southward to Apulia .
The Consuls had to switch their command on a daily basis .
The Consul Varro was a man of reckless and hubris nature .
He was determined to defeat Hannibal .
Hannibal drew him into trap .
The Roman army had no was to escape .
Among the dead eighty senators .
This makes the Battle of Cannae one of the worst defeats in the history of Ancient Rome .
It is also one of the bloodiest battles in all of human history in terms of the number of lives lost within a single day .
They tried instead to defeat him by attrition .
They relied on their advantages of supply and manpower .
Because of this victory most of southern Italy joined Hannibal 's cause .
This started the First Macedonian War against Rome .
Hannibal began losing ground .
He continued defeating the Romans whenever he could bring them into battle but was never able to complete another decisive victory .
In 212 BC conspirators in Tarentum let Hannibal into the city .
They then blew the alarm with some Roman trumpets .
This let Hannibal 's troops pick off the Romans as they stumbled into the streets .
Hannibal told the Tarentines to mark every house where Tarentines lived .
Only houses not marked were looted .
The citadel held out .
This stopped Hannibal from using the harbor and the tide was slowly beginning to turn in Rome 's favor .
In 211 BC the city of Capua fell .
In 207 BC he retired into Bruttium .
These events marked the end to Hannibal 's success in Italy .
They did not do well against the Romans .
Hannibal was defeated .
The same number of men were taken as prisoners .
Hannibal went into voluntary exile .
The precise year of his death is not certain .
Often Hannibal is called Hanibal Barca as if Barca was a family name .
Historians call Hamilcar 's family the Barcids so they wo n't get confused with other Carthaginians of the same name .
Hannibal 's father was soon bringing more and more of Iberia under Carthaginian rule .
He did this by being a good fighter but he also knew how to talk and make friends too .
Hannibal was now determined to carry the war into the heart of Italy by a fast march through Hispania and southern Gaul .
Hannibal from the start seems to have figured that he would have to fight without help from Hispania .
The numbers for the troops he had when he left Hispania are not as certain .
Hannibal 's dangerous march brought him into Roman territory .
This frustrated the attempts of his enemy to fight him outside of their own borders .
The other Roman consular army was rushed to the Po Valley .
The two new consuls chosen were Cnaeus Servilius and Gaius Flaminius .
The only other route to central Italy was at the mouth of the Arno .
Fabius was within striking distance but in this case his caution worked against him .
Hannibal capitalized on the eagerness of Varro and drew him into a trap by using an envelopment tactic which eliminated the Roman numerical advantage by shrinking the surface area where combat could occur .
Hannibal drew up his least reliable infantry in a semicircle in the center with the wings composed of the Gallic and Numidian horse .
Then he attacked the legions from behind .
The effect on morale of this victory meant that most of southern Italy joined Hannibal 's cause .
Hannibal also secured an alliance with newly appointed King Hieronymous of Syracuse .
The war in Italy settled into a strategic stalemate in the years following Cannae .
Carthage also diverted her limited resources in Sardinia as well as Sicily .
In 212 BC the Romans had so alienated Tarentum that conspirators admitted Hannibal to the city .
The conspirators then blew the alarm on some Roman trumpets allowing Hannibal 's troops to pick off the Romans as they stumbled out into the streets .
Hannibal was able to keep control of his troops to the extent that there was no general looting .
Instead Hannibal having committed himself to respect Tarentine freedom told the Tarentines to mark every house where Tarentines lived .
Only those houses not so marked and thus belonging to Romans were looted .
Two Roman armies besieged Capua so persistently that Hannibal himself was forced to attack the besieging armies with his full force in 211 BC .
Yet his strategy caused more alarm than real danger to the city .
The combination of these events marked the end to Hannibal 's success in Italy .
The decisive battle at Zama soon followed .
In his second line he placed the Carthaginian and Libyan levies while his veterans from Italy were placed in the third line .
Following the conclusion of a peace that left Carthage stripped of its formerly mighty empire Hannibal prepared to take a back seat for a time .
So effectively did Hannibal reform abuses that the heavy tribute imposed by Rome could be paid by installments without additional and extraordinary taxation .
Hannibal thereupon went into voluntary exile .
Hannibal soon saw that the king 's army was no match for the Romans .
Hannibal went on to serve Prusias in this war .
The precise year of his death is a matter of controversy .
Livy gives us the idea that he was extremely cruel .
Yet a different picture is sometimes revealed .
This illustrates the psychological impact Hannibal 's presence in Italy had on Roman Culture .
As to the transcendent military genius of Hannibal there can not be two opinions .
The man who for fifteen years could hold his ground in a hostile country against several powerful armies and a succession of able generals must have been a commander and a tactician of supreme capacity .
In the use of stratagems and ambuscades he certainly surpassed all other generals of antiquity .
The Romans feared and hated him so much that they could not do him justice .
For the first there would seem to be no further justification than that he was consummately skilful in the use of ambuscades .
Sometimes he contrasts most favorably with his enemy .
No such brutality stains his name as that perpetrated by Claudius Nero on the vanquished Hasdrubal .
Polybius merely says that he was accused of cruelty by the Romans and of avarice by the Carthaginians .
Patton believed that he was a reincarnation of General Hannibal as well as many other people including a Roman legionary .
But those same principles of war that applied to the days of Hannibal apply today .
No battle in history is a finer sample of tactics than Cannae .
But he was yet greater in logistics and strategy .
No captain ever matched to and fro among so many armies of troops superior to his own numbers and material as fearlessly and skillfully as he .
No man ever held his own so long or so ably against such odds .
Strategic ability had been comprehended only on a minor scale .
Any variation from this rule consisted in ambuscades or other stratagems .
God has given no greater spur to victory than contempt of death .
I am not carrying on a war of extermination against the Romans .
I am contending for honor and empire .
Veganism is a philosophy that says people should not hurt or treat animals bad .
Some vegetarians become vegans because they know about bad treatment of animals in the modern animal farms industry .
Veganism is a philosophy that says people should not hurt or misuse animals .
Some vegetarians become vegans because they know about animal abuse in the modern industrial animal farms .
The United Nations also includes Iran and Afghanistan as part of South Asia .
The United Nations also includes Iran and Afghanistan .
This means money 's worth .
This literally means money 's worth .
Many towns also have fireworks shows or other noisy ways to start the new year .
A medical emergency is an injury or illness that poses an immediate threat to a person 's health or life which needs help from a doctor or hospital .
Those who cry loudest need the least help .
Calls to emergency services are free of charge .
A medical emergency is an injury or illness that poses an immediate threat to a person 's health or life which requires help from a doctor or hospital .
The doctor 's specialization of emergency medicine includes techniques for effective handling of medical emergencies and resuscitation of patients .
Those who cry lodest need the least help .
Calls to Emergency services are free of charge .
Sprints are short running races in athletics .
These are often some of the more popular events in the Olympic Games .
This is todays highlight on the track and field .
It consists of fast movements over a short distance .
It is a very explosive and fast event in which to take part in .
Natural talent is needed but hard work and dedication proves to be more vital to becoming an world class sprinter .
Many people studied mathematics and different sciences .
A person who is clever at a great number of things is sometimes called a Renaissance Man .
Brunelleschi became a very famous architect and Donatello became a very famous sculptor .
It was also a good idea to be good friends with other rich families .
It was also a good idea to be on good terms with other rich families .
The 1996 United States campaign finance controversy was an alleged effort by the People 's Republic of China to influence domestic United States politics during the 1996 federal elections .
The Chinese government denied all accusations .
Johnny Chung served 3000 hours of community service .
Ernest Green served three months home detention .
Seventeen people were arrested later by the police and convicted by the courts .
Some of the people arrested were friends of President Clinton and Vice President Al Gore .
They occasionally met with top White House officials .
They still remembered the Tiananmen Square events in 1989 .
The agent gave a secret Chinese government document to the Americans .
The document showed that China knew everything about America 's nuclear weapons .
I ca n't account for it .
Wang met Brown once before at a trade mission in Hong Kong .
President Clinton signed the special waivers that allowed China to launch the Loral satellite .
Johnny Chung also attended some of Ron Brown 's Commerce Department trade missions to Asia .
A compromise sentence of 20 years in jail was eventually reached .
We would like to see him reelect sic .
You can give it to the president and the Democrat Party .
The album later became a movie from Universal Pictures .
The album title was later for a 1978 Universal Pictures movie .
Some peopel think that the end of the First World War in 1918 marked the victory of democracy over aristocracy as a preferred term for government .
A computer program is made of a collection of objects that each call each other .
Each object can be seen as an independent little machine or actor with a distinct role or responsibility .
That is what gives the name to this different method .
Each object can be thought of as a component of the whole .
A computer program can be made of objects .
Each object has a task that it performs for the program .
Objects only work within their own space and with the space that they have permission to work with .
This makes it easier to program because you only need to worry about making one object at a time that performs a smaller task than the whole program .
Each object can be thought of as a part that make up a larger machine .
This is because each object has a simpler task .
It is very popular in software engineering despite the fact many people who do n't agree that it is better than earlier methods and produces new problems that it then has to solve .
The patron of the movement was Lorenzo de ' Medici .
Giogio Vasari expressed this thought at the head of his Vita of Botticelli .
They were doing a series of Virtues for the Tribunale or meeting hall of the Mercanzia .
Botticelli burned his own paintings on pagan themes in the notorious Bonfire of the Vanities .
People did not say what kind of heresy it was .
By the side door of San Piero Maggiore he did a panel for Matteo Palmieri .
Matteo was a worthy and learned man .
Botticelli executed this work with the greatest mastery and diligence .
He introducing the portraits of Matteo and his wife on their knees .
This is a common misunderstanding .
It is based on a mistake by Vasari .
This is a common misconception based on a mistake by Vasari .
Maia is the goddess of the fields in Greek mythology .
She is the oldest of the Pleiades .
Maia is the oldest of the Pleiades in Greek mythology and is the goddess of the fields .
When she woke up Hermes and crawled away to Thessaly and had invented the lyre and stole some of Apollo 's cattle .
The ritual was done to save the soul of the convicted criminal .
It involved being burnt at the stake .
This ritual involved being burnt at the stake .
The Protestant Reformation is a term used by to describe a series of events that happened in the 16th century in the Christian Church .
The sermon is that part of the service where the priests teaches people things from the Bible .
Martin Luther was the first person to translate the Bible into German .
The Protestant Reformation is what call a series of events that happened in the 16th century .
The sermon is what priests tell in church .
Martin Luther was the first to translate the Bible into German .
The Protestant reformation triggered the Catholic reformation .
A Christian Sermon is a speech that a priest gives during church .
The purpose of a sermon is to inspire hope in the people that hear it .
A sermon is meant to teach the listeners about God 's will .
They happen the same way all the time .
There are no women priests in the Catholic church .
This part is usually called Sermon .
Most priests find that attentions are captured by involving the people of the Church with simlpe questions .
It can also be used to make bricks or sand castles .
Mahjong is a game for four players that came from in China .
Mahjong is a game for four players that originated in China .
Interharmonics are ratios between one harmonic and another .
In 1968 Glenn Hall won the Conn Smythe Trophy as most valuable player in the playoffs .
But the team did not win in 1968 .
They had some trouble in the 1970s .
The 1980s were a good decade for the Blues .
The 1990s also were a good decade .
Hull is the son of Chicago Blackhawks star Bobby Hull .
Brett Hull won the Hart Trophy as most valuable player in 1991 .
In 2006 they finished last in the NHL .
Hull won the Hart Trophy as most valuable player in 1991 .
More specifically it functions in cellular respiration by producing ATP for the cell .
Their job is to make energy from the food that the cell takes in .
They wanted to understand the foundations of mathematics .
The theorems were published in 1931 .
He made important contributions to proof theory .
Most people think he was one of the most influential mathematicians of the 19th and early 20th centuries .
This is one of the foundations of functional analysis .
Hilbert and his students supplied significant portions of the mathematic infrastructure neded for quantum mechanics and general relativity .
He was also one of the fist people to make the distinction between mathematics and Cantor 's set theory and transfinite numbers .
Hilbert and his students supplied significant portions of the mathematic infrastructure required for quantum mechanics and general relativity .
Catholics also celebrate saint 's days .
The Catholic fiestas patronales are during each place 's patron saint 's day .
This is recorded on the Calendar of saints .
Nintendo Wii is the name of Nintendo 's next video game console .
Nintendo Wii is the name of Nintendo 's next console .
The company says they want to focus more on new ways to play games instead of trying to make better graphics .
The company says they want to focus more on new ways to play games instead of trying to get prettier graphics .
People will play games on the Wii with a remote that knows when and how they move it .
People will play games on the Wii with a remote that tells the Wii when and how they move it .
People will play games on the Wii with a remote that knows when and how they move it .
Wii costs less than other consoles such as PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 .
Nintendo and other companies have made attachments for the Wii Remote .
The Nunchuk is the most common attachment for the Wii Remote .
The Nunchuk has an analog stick attached with 2 buttons on the Nunchuk .
It is required for many Wii games .
It is named the Zapper after a NES gun controller .
It is made by Activision for a music game called Guitar Hero III .
It comes packed with Guitar Hero III or by itself .
Nintendo have made attachments for the Wii Remote .
The Nunchuck is the most common attachment for the Wii Remote .
The Nunchak has an analog stick attached with 2 buttons on the Nunchuck .
Required for most Wii games .
The design is similar to the Super Nintendo Entertainment System 's controller .
It comes packed with Guitar Hero III .
The Forecast Channel is used to check the weather around your area .
You can use the forcast channel to find out the waether near you .
You play the games here after you put the disk in the slot .
You need internet connection to use this channel .
They are also sometime made for fun .
The Nunchuk is the most common attachment for the Wii Remote .
There is also a case that looks like a gun for the Wii Remote and Nunchuk .
The company says they want to focus more on new ways to play games .
You play the games you have got for cube here .
You need an internet connection to use this channel .
The Nunchuk is the most common connector for the Wii Remote .
Nintendo has also released a case that looks like a gun for the Wii Remote and Nunchuk .
The lower part of the Columbia forms the border between the states Washington and Oregon .
The dams generate hydroelectricity and provide flood control and water for farms in the lower Columbia basin .
There are also dams on the Snake River and many other tributaries .
The dams generate hydroelectricity and provide flood control for the lower Columbia basin .
There are also a few dams on the Snake River .
Most of the Columbia River 's tributaries also have dams .
Monkwearmouth was created in 674 when Saint Benedict Biscop started a monastery .
Monkwearmouth is on the north side of the river .
Bishopwearmouth was founded in 930 .
It is on the south side of the river .
It was given a charter in 1179 .
The charter gave the people of the small town some rights which people outside the town did not have .
In the 1300s people began to build ships along the river bank .
By 1835 the port of Sunderland was so important that its name was used when the three old villages became the a borough .
He was given the land by King Ecgfrith of Northumbria .
Biscop brought glass makers from France .
This was the start of glass making in Britain .
In 930 King Athelstan of England gave the land on the south bank of the river to the Bishop of Durham .
This is why the area is still called Bishopwearmouth .
By 1346 ships were being built at Wearmouth .
The merchant Thomas Menville started building ships so he could transport the things he wanted to sell .
When the water boiled the salt was left behind .
Today the road leading to where the pans were is still called Pann 's Bank .
It on the river bank near the city center .
This is why the port began to grow .
This had a big impact on Sunderland which was selling more and more coal .
This created resentment toward Newcastle and toward the idea of having a king .
This stopped the Newcastle coal trade and allowing the Sunderland coal trade to grow .
This was because of the success of the port of Sunderland as well as the salt panning and the shipbuilding along the banks of the Wear .
Sunderland was a big trading port at the time .
Jack Crawford was one of the first to die in the epidemic .
This meant it never had the problem of allowing people to cross the river without stopping high masted vessels .
Rowland Burdon MP pushed for the Wearmouth Bridge which was built in 1796 .
It was the second iron bridge ever built .
Wearmouth Bridge was the biggest single span bridge in the world .
On June 16 1883 183 children died .
The children pushed down the stairs to the door .
The Victoria Hall disaster is still the worst of its kind in Britain .
The newspaper report of the tragedy were so shocking that an inquiry was set up .
This committee said that public buildings should have outward opening emergency exits .
The Victoria Hall was used until 1941 when it was destroyed by a German bomb .
Since 1990 industry along the banks of the Wear has changed a lot .
But some fine old buildings remain .
Sunderland was made a municipal borough of County Durham in 1835 .
The borough became a City in 1992 to celebrate the Queen 's 40th year on the throne .
A patron had never been adopted before .
Much of the city is on a low range of hills running parallel to the coast .
A third bridge carries the A19 trunk road over the Wear to the West of the City .
It has been in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Hexham and Newcastle since the Catholic bishops returned in 1850 .
The Jewish community has been shrinking since the mid 20th century .
Many Sunderland Jews left for bigger Jewish communities in Britain or to Israel .
Lewis Carroll often visited to the area .
The Northern Gallery for Contemporary Art on Fawcett Street and Sunderland Museum and Winter Gardens have exhibitions and installations from new and established artists alike .
Sunderland Museum has a big collection of LS Lowry .
In recent years the underground music scene and the Sunderland Music Project have helped the likes of The Futureheads and Field Music gain national recognition .
In 2004 music magazine NME put Sunderland came 8th in a list of the coolest music places in the UK .
Sunderland does not have a big music venue such as the MetroRadio Arena or the Carling Academy in Newcastle .
It reopened in December 2004 following a big redevelopment making the stage bigger .
The Empire is the only theater between Leeds and Glasgow big enough to put on such shows .
The crew of HMS Ocean regularly visit the city .
The center has never been as successful as hoped .
It was opened by Ulysses S Grant shortly after he stopped being US President .
The museum has a big collection of the locally produced Sunderland Lustreware pottery .
Sunderland is one of the most deprived cities in the North of England .
Ships began to be built on the river in the 14th century .
Lands on the south side of the river were given to the Bishop of Durham by King Athelstan of England in 930 .
These became known as Bishopwearmouth .
As the water boiled the salt sediment remained .
It located on the river bank near the city center .
This created resentment toward Newcastle and toward the monarchy .
Local hero Jack Crawford was one of the first to die in the epidemic .
The Hall was the scene of a tragedy on June 16 1883 when 183 children died .
The children pushed down the stairs toward the door .
With the asphyxiation of 183 children between 3 and 13 years old the disaster is the worst of its kind in Britain .
The Victoria Hall remained in use until 1941 when it was destroyed by a German bomb .
The clearance of the Vaux Brewery site on the North East fringe of the City Centre has created a further opportunity for new development in the city center .
A patron had never been adopted before .
Sunderland was created a municipal borough of County Durham in 1835 .
The borough was granted City status after winning a competition in 1992 to celebrate the Queen 's 40th year on the throne .
Much of the city is located on a low range of hills running parallel to the coast .
It has been in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Hexham and Newcastle since the Catholic hierarchy was restored in 1850 .
The once thriving Jewish community has been in slow decline since the mid 20th century .
Many Sunderland Jews left for stronger Jewish communities in Britain or to Israel .
Lewis Carroll was a frequent visitor to the area .
Sunderland lacks a large dedicated music venue such as the MetroRadio Arena or the Carling Academy in Newcastle .
The Sunderland Symphony Orchestra was founded in 2000 to mark the millennium .
The Empire is the only theater between Leeds and Glasgow large enough to accommodate such shows .
The crew of Ocean regularly visit the city .
Despite support from the Arts Council the center has struggled to meet visitor targets since it opened .
It houses a comprehensive collection of the locally produced Sunderland Lustreware pottery .
The Port of Sunderland was expanded in the 1850s when the Hudsons Dock were built for the River Wear Commissioners .
Robert Stephenson helped the engineers .
Corning Glass Works was one of the last .
The brewery was finally closed in July 1999 .
In the autumn of 2000 even this was taken over by Whitbread PLC.
She was one of the most famous ships of her time and can claim to be the finest ship ever launched from a Sunderland yard .
She was built in ten months by James Laing at their Deptford yard on the Wear in 1875 .
Sunderland 's economy began to get better after the 1980s .
The former shipyard areas along the River Wear have also been transformed .
Echo 24 luxury apartments near the city center .
Since the transfer in 2000 there have been a lot of improvements to the quality of social housing in the city .
The central business district of Sunderland has also been redeveloped and improveed .
The arrival of Roy Keane as Sunderland AFC 's new manager in August 2006 has had a massive impact in Sunderland 's once limited tourism industry .
Sunderland 's economic situation began to improve following the low point of the 1980s .
The city was also included in the top eighteen list in 2002 and 2003 .
Also in 2007 the Echo 24 luxuary apartments will open in the city center .
The central business district of Sunderland has also been subject to a recent flurry of redevelopment and improvement .
The arrival of Roy Keane as Sunderland AFC 's new manager in August 2006 has had a massive impact in Sunderland 's hitherto limited tourism industry .
Sunderland station was rebuilt in November 1965 for football teams and officials from countries who were playing at Roker Park when England hosed of the 1966 World Cup .
Sunderland station was rebuilt in November 1965 to facilitate football teams and officials from countries who were drawn to play at Roker Park when England hosed of the 1966 World Cup .
It is served by Northern Rail services between Newcastle and Middlesbrough .
The former service to Sunderland now only travels as far as Middlesbrough .
In September 2007 Grand Central Railway will begin a direct service between Sunderland and King 's Cross railway station in London .
There will be three trains every day each way .
It has also been announced that renovation to Sunderland 's main train station will be started soon .
Max and Moritz as well as many of his other picture stories were early examples of the what became the modern comic strip .
Max and Moritz as well as many of his other picture stories are regarded as one of the main precursors of the modern comic strip .
They can be seen in children even when they are awake .
This kind of seizure is most common in children under 5 .
It was introduced to allow people to communicate how serious a nuclear accident is .
Someone please come up with a simple cat for this ?
A number of criteria and indicators are defined to assure coherent reporting of nuclear events by different official authorities .
A neutron star formed from some supernovas of massive stars .
A neutron star formed from some supernovas of a massive stars .
A neutron star is a very small and dense star made almost completely of neutrons .
It is in fact a very large nucleus held together by gravity .
This effect is called degeneracy pressure .
A neutron star is a very small and dense star composed almost entirely of neutrons .
It is effectively a very large nucleus that is held together by gravity .
They are typically the remnants of massive stars that have exploded as supernovas or of white dwarves that have gained mass tipping them over the Chandresakar Limit to become neutron stars .
This is called degeneracy pressure .
They are so much denser than anything we find naturally on the Earth .
The strongest reason why scientists understand that neutron stars are composed of neutrons like a giant nucleus is that they do a calculation that compares the average density of a neutron star to the average density of a nucleus .
This calculation is surprisingly easy to do .
The density of a neutron star and a nucleus are comparable .
They are much more dense than anything we find naturally on the Earth .
A good way of visualising the neutron star is that it is taking all of the mass of our sun and scrunching it down to a size that would fit comfortably within the M25 surrounding Greater London .
We can calculate the density of nuclear matter and of a neutron star if we assume that the density does n't change throughout the nucleus or star .
The density of a neutron star and a nucleus are comparable and this is one of the chief reasons why scientists think neutron stars are made out of neutrons .
It is a very large nucleus held together by gravity .
They come in different types .
It is in fact a very large nucleus held together by gravity .
They also come in various types .
This is why they are called pulsars .
All other stars that go supernova become neutron stars .
The lack of nuclear burning stops the center from releasing heat .
The heat released from the center pushes the star outwards .
Gravity from all the material in the star pulls the star inwards towards the center .
What happens next depends on the mass of the star before it ran out of fuel .
Anything in the middle will form a neutron star .
These limits are due to quantum effects .
This effect is called degeneracy pressure .
Neutron stars turn a lot faster than other stars .
Neutron stars are very dense .
They are much denser than anything we find naturally on the Earth .
In a neutron star the electrons have joined with the protons in the nucleus to make neutrons .
Neutron stars have very strong magnetic fields .
They are some of the strongest magnetic fields that occur naturally .
All stars have a magnetic field .
So the fastest possible rotation will be when the surface gravity is balanced by the centrifugal force .
Some neutron stars in different environments may have their speed limited by other factors before they reach this speed .
There are many proposed ways that this can occur and is a topic of current research .
Neutron Stars are very dense .
They are so much denser than anything we find naturally on the Earth .
The strongest reason why scientists understand that neutron stars are composed of neutrons like a giant nucleus is that they do a calculation that compares the average density of a neutron star to the average density of a nucleus .
This calculation is surprisingly easy to do .
The density of a neutron star and a nucleus are comparable .
It 's also possible to use the volume equation to simply verify that neutron stars are 1 trillion times denser than normal matter by comparing the size of an atom with the size of a nucleus .
All stars have some kind of magnetic field .
A person 's parents are the mother and father or caretaker of their offspring .
A person 's parents are the mother and father of that person .
Adam and Eve were the first two people according to the Old Testament .
Adam and Eve are two characters in the Old Testament .
It was started in 1968 .
It was founded in 1968 .
He is one of the most successful actors in the world .
For his career as actor he work as carpenter .
He is the successful actor of the world .
He found things made by man more than ten thousand years ago in some caves in France .
The word was first used in France around 1830 to talk about the time before writing .
They made fire from flint and steel and they used fire to cook food and to stay warm .
Archaeologists study things left over from prehistory to try to understand what was happening .
The word was used in France since the 1830s to talk about the time before writing .
They made fire from flint and steel and they used fire to cook food and to keep warm .
Archaeologists study objects left over from prehistory to try to understand what was happening .
It is called the middle ages because it was between ancient history and modern history .
It can also be called medieval times .
During the Renaissance people began going to school and university more and learning more things .
This was a machine that made books easily and quickly .
It made it easier for people to read and learn things .
They are called the middle ages because they were between ancient history and modern history .
During the Renaissance people began going to school and university more and leaning more things .
This was a machine that wrote down books easily and quickly .
Its powers were less controlled by law than these American agencies .
There were not as many laws controlling what the KGB could do as there are that control what those agencies in the United States can do .
The KGB is believed to have killed people .
Its powers were less controlled by law than these American agencies .
In December Beria and 6 associates were executed and MVD was split .
Belarus is where Felix Dzerzhinsky was born .
People know Copernicus for his theory that the Earth goes around the sun .
Different events are important for different people .
It could also mean an important happening or activity .
It also refers to an important happening or activity .
Digg started out as a popular technology news sharing website .
Digg started out as a popular technology news sharing destination .
Digg started out as a popular technology news sharing website .
Some crosswords use riddles and word play and are usually more difficult than straight crosswords .
Some crosswords use riddles and wordplay and are usually more difficult than straight crosswords .
Newah Bhaaye is a simple term used for Nepal Bhasa by native speakers .
Newah Bhaaye is a simple term used for Nepal Bhasa by native speaker .
Also used to run trains to Poitiers and Bordeaux .
Lines to Spain and Italy are being planned .
A High speed line to Germany is being built .
The building of the network has made travel times much shorter .
Lines to Spain and Italy are in the planning phase .
A Highspeedline to Germany is under construction .
The construction of the network has shortened travel times considerably .
They are made of a pair of tubes that are held in front of someone 's eyes .
They are most commonly used for birdwatching and amateur astronomy .
They are made as a pair of tubes that are held in front of someone 's eyes .
The tubes have lenses that focus the light that comes into the tubes .
They also have prisms that bend the light .
An odd number is an integer which is not a multiple of two .
You can also tell if a decimal number is an odd number if the last digit is an odd number .
An integer that is not an odd number is an even number .
An odd number is a number which is not a multiple of two .
You can also tell if a number is a odd number if the last digit is a odd number .
A number that is not an odd number is an even number .
A cottage is a small or old house that is usually not in a town or city .
Most cottages only have one bedroom and one bathroom .
Some report that various factors make paralysis and hallucinations happen more .
Some report that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
Studies suggest that many people get sleep paralysis at least once in their lives .
People who have narcolepsy often get it much more .
There is also a significant positive correlation between those experiencing this disorder frequently and those suffering from narcolepsy .
The World Series is when the best team from the American League and the best team from the National League keep playing games of baseball until one of the two teams wins four games total .
In late December of 2007 it was revealed that Spears was pregnant .
In late December 2007 it was revealed that Spears was pregnant .
Bronze is a metal alloy that is usually created by combining Tin and Copper .
Bronze was the first alloy that was used by humans .
Bronze is used for manufacturing engineering parts and castings .
Bronze was the first alloy that use by humans .
Bronze is used for manufacturing of engineering parts and castings .
An airplane or a bird takes flight .
A plane or a bird takes flight .
Most bird and insect speicies can fly while most mammals ca n't .
Most birds and insects can fly .
Most bird and insect speicies can fly while most mammals can not .
Most bird and insect speicies can fly while most mammals ca n't .
Anions are a type of atom that have gained electrons .
Anions are atoms that have gained electrons .
Anions are one of the two types of ions .
Ions are atoms that have an electrical charge .
Anions are a type of atom that have gained electrons .
Anions are one of the two types of ion .
FrontPage is a WYSIWYG What You See Is What You Get Web Editor .
The mobile phone can be used to communicate over long distances without wires .
Each phone is linked to a base station which connects it to the main phone network .
The first mobile phone networks were created in the late 1970s in Japan .
All modern phones use digital networks .
Other countries like Japan have different 2G technologies .
The radio waves that the mobile phone networks use are split into different frequencies .
Higher frequencies can send the signal further .
The most advanced phones work on all frequencies .
Electronics in the base station check that the phone is allowed to use the network .
This is why mobile communications are sometimes called cellular communications .
This means the phone can not make or receive calls until the connection is made again .
The network is the company that provides the phone service .
In most areas there will be more than one mobile network .
If you pay by contract you will pay the network money every month so that you can make calls .
Once the credit is used up you must buy some more to use the phone .
This can be cheaper if you do not use the phone a lot .
The SIM has information like the phone number and payment account and this is needed to make or receive calls .
The latest phones are called 3G phones .
These can send and receive data a lot faster so they can be used for email and web browsing .
Older phones were not very good at this as they were very slow .
Modern 3G phones are just like small computers and are very different from mobile phones of a just a few years ago .
The mobile phone can be taken to long distances and used to communicate .
Each cell phone is linked to a base station .
The idea of cell phones appeared in 1947 .
The modern phones use digital networks .
Digital networks are also known as Second Generation technologies .
It is spread mainly in Europe and North America .
Cell phones work by using radio frequency bands to send the waves .
Higher frequencies can sent the signal further .
The most advanced phones work on all channels .
CDMA phones use the same frequencies as GSM .
Today they are tested in Europe .
Older cell phones with simple programs are not threatened .
The Group 29 .
They specialize in creating viruses .
If the cell phone is infected then all information on it is lost .
Some dangerous viruses can even modify the operating system of the cell phone .
MMS or SMS messages .
The viruses are usually hidden inside some other programs or messages .
They are started only after downloading and installing the program or messages .
This virus was known in 2000 .
It was a virus that sent text messages from infected PCs to phones .
It is considered the first virus sent from cell phone to cell phone .
It was known in August 2004 .
The virus sends itself through SMS text messages .
This virus was known in July 2004 .
It was a creation of group 29a .
This virus is spread through Bluetooth to accessible phones .
Cabir attacks phones with Symbian OS .
This virus appeared in March 2005 .
It infects phones with Symbian OS .
This virus worm is spread through MMS messages and Bluetooth .
It also attacks phones of Symbian Series 60 OS .
This virus is the first to infect cell phones and Pocket PCs .
The Duts attacks the .
The Skull makes all phone applications useless .
The Lasco .
A is a result of mistakes in cell phone program .
It is also present in PCs .
Daphne was daughter of Peneus .
His adoration was caused by an arrow from Eros .
Eros also claimed to be upset by Apollo 's singing .
This tree became sacred to Apollo .
Eros also claimed to be irritated by Apollo 's singing .
The Romans called her Discordia .
They say Hail Eris !
Her genealogy is utterly confused .
She is sometimes riding a silver chariot pulled by oxen or a pair of horses .
She is usually riding a silver chariot pulled by a yoke of oxen or a pair of horses .
The Roman Luna became one with with Diana .
Another story says Endymion made the decision to live forever in sleep .
The Roman Luna was merged with Diana .
She is sometimes riding a silver chariot pulled by oxen or a pair of horses .
Some people from Africa and Haiti brought Voodoo to the United States .
Papua New Guinea is a country near Indonesia and Australia .
It contains the east half of New Guinea island and some more nearby islands .
Papua New Guinea is a country near Indonesia .
The word wright does not come from write .
It is an ancient English term for a builder .
Today it has lost this meaning .
The earliest playwrights in Western literature whose works still exist were the Ancient Greeks .
The oldest plays were written around the 5th century BC .
These playwrights are notable as they wrote in a way that is still used by modern playwrights .
The most famous playwright may be William Shakespeare .
A lot of later work is based on his classical tragedies and comedies .
Tom Stoppard created the play Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead in 1966 which is a modern transformation of Hamlet .
The first playwrights in Western literature whose plays still exist were the Ancient Greeks .
They were written around the 5th century BC .
These playwrights are important as they wrote in a way that is still used by modern playwrights .
A lot of later work is based on his tragedies and comedies .
Tom Stoppard created the play Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead in 1966 which is a modern adaptation of Hamlet .
The earliest playwrights in Western literature whose works still exist were the Ancient Greeks .
The oldest plays were written around the 5th century BC .
These playwrights are notable as they wrote in a way that is still used by modern playwrights .
A lot of later work is based on his classical tragedies and comedies .
Tom Stoppard created the play Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead in 1966 which is a modern transformation of Hamlet .
The Walt Disney Company still owns the character .
There were later other books published and Walt Disney made a series of cartoons based on the books .
Disney still owns the character .
Most of the South is a land of lond .
Winters are short and cool .
Tjere is abundant rainfull .
Most of the South is a land of longhot summers .
There is abundant rainfull .
This combination gives the South a long growing season .
Most of the South is a land of lond .
Tjere is abundant rainfull .
It talks about people who live in rural areas like farms and especially ranches .
It refers to people who live in rural areas like farms and especially ranches .
It is possible that many people would die because of the cold weather and lack of vegetation growth .
It is possible that many people will die because of the cold weather and lack of vegetation growth .
Greenhouse gases Smell very bad .
When you fart you destroy the ozone layer .
With more trees though you wo n't really destroy the protective bubble .
Greenhouse gases reflect radiation from the Earth and stop it from being lost into space .
This causes the Earth 's temperature to be warmer than it would be without greenhouse gases .
The name for this is the greenhouse effect .
The Master Race was a theory created by Adolf Hitler .
This genocide of more than 11 million people was later called the holocaust .
The Master Race was a theory developed by Adolf Hitler .
It is not a theory accepted by most scientists today .
It is a theory rejected by most scientists today .
This systematic killing is known as The Holocaust today .
There is no exact number of how many Jews died there .
Most historians today say that about 6 million people died in what is now called The Holocaust Estimated Number of Jews Killed in the Final Solution .
Some Holocaust revisionists claim the numbers were smaller .
They also put people from other s there .
Some sick people were sent there .
It is not a theory accepted by any scientists today .
It is not a theory accepted by most scientists today .
Tradition holds he is the only apostle that died a natural death rather than by martyrdom .
Tradition holds he is the only apostle that died a natural death rather than by martyrdom .
The Sistine Chapel is a brick building shaped like a rectangle .
The frescos on the side walls were made between 1481 and 1483 and they show events that happened in the Bible .
The Sistine Chapel is a papal chapel in the Vatican Palace .
It is famous for its Renaissance frescoes by Michelangelo .
The Sistine Chapel is a rectangular brick building .
The frescos on the side walls were made between 1481 and 1483 .
His son was also a writer .
His son was also a prolific writer .
The play has 5 acts .
They also thought that there was a different law that said the same thing about the amount of energy in the universe .
So now we have just one conservation law for mass and energy together .
A general conservation law just says that the total amount of something in the universe does n't change in time .
A general conservation law states only that the total amount of something in the universe does n't change in time .
But Einstein said we could still have a law if we added all the mass to all the energy .
A global conservation law just says that the total amount of something in the universe does n't change in time .
A local conservation law says a little bit more than that .
A general conservation law just says that the total amount of something in the universe does n't change in time .
The Cubs were formed in 1869 .
They lost to the Detroit Tigers .
The stadium was built in 1914 and has been the home playing field of the Cubs since 1916 .
The rivalry between the Chicago Cubs and the Chicago White Sox is considered to be one of the longest and deepest in Major League Baseball .
They haved played each other more often since then .
The Cubs were founded in 1869 .
When playing home games in Chicago the Cubs play at Wrigley Field .
ESPN names Wrigley to be one of the best ballpark in the nation .
This novel was about live of this part of the society .
Many people say he is one of the greatest and most prominent Polish writers of all times and one of the greatest in 20th century .
He is regarded by many as one of the greatest and most prominents Polish writers of all times and one of the greatest in 20th century .
Sartell 's largest employer is International Paper .
They have a paper mill in the city .
Another large employer is DeZurik Water Controls .
The city is located on both sides of the Mississippi River .
The area around the city has lots of farmland or forests .
The city is situated on the Mississippi River with the surrounding undeveloped property composed mainly of woodlands and farmland .
The city has also built places for people to have fun .
The Mississippi River that flows through the city affords many recreational opportunities to local residents .
Despite not having a downtown the city continued to grow and the pace of the growth increased in the 1970s .
In 1877 he started a flour mill at the nearby Watab River .
In 1884 he started the Sartell Brothers Lumber Company with his sons .
Despite not having a downtown the city continued to grow and the pace of the growth increased in the 1970 's .
Article 72 of the Soviet constitution adopted in 1977 says that each republic had the right to leave the USSR .
Article 72 of the Soviet constitution adopted in 1977 says that each republic hadthe right to leave the USSR .
That means that several states were together to form a larger union .
Very often people simply called them Soviet republics .
Most of them are independent countries now .
This allowed the Politburo to exercise large amounts of control over the republics .
This reduced Soviet control over the republics .
They are all independent countries now .
Article 72 of the Soviet constitution adopted in 1977 says that each republic had the right to leave the USSR .
A dome is a feature of architecture that usually looks like the upper half of a sphere on top of a building .
A dome is a feature of architecture that usually resembles the upper half of a sphere on top of a building .
The strength of the magnet is proportional to the voltage of the circuit .
The strength of the magnet is proportionate to the voltage of the circuit .
To make an electromagnet you wind copper wire around a steel rod .
Electromagnets are magnets that are only magnetic when there is a coil of wire with electricity running through it .
Electromagnets are magnets that are only magnetic when there is a coil of wire with electricity is running through it .
An electromagnet is very beneficial because it can be deactivated easily whereas a permanent magnet can not be deactivated and will continue to affect its immediate environment .
It is one of the world 's youngest and smallest nations .
Cemeteries uncovered in islands have shown Palau has the oldest burial ceremony known to Oceania .
Cemetaries uncovered in islands have shown Palau has the oldest burial ceremony known to Oceania .
It is the Pacific Ocean .
The capital city of Palau is Melekeok .
The capital city of Palau is Koror .
People lived there since Roman times .
The name of the oppidum was Julia Libica .
The city was the ancient capital of Cerdagne in antiquity .
Australia also changed the law about guns after this killing .
They said that nobody was allowed to have an automatic weapon anymore .
This meant that Prime Minister John Howard was more popular and he stayed the leader of Australia .
Some people say that the government lied about this so that they could be more popular .
This is almost as big a mystery as when JFK was killed .
This is almost as big a mystery as when JFK went missing .
Martin Bryant could not think very well .
Some people think of the 22 who died in 5 minutes at the Broad Arrow Cafe as being the main part of the killings .
On 28 April 2006 there was a 10 year anniversary of what happened .
Newspapers have said that everyone who was there agreed that Martin Bryant did not kill the people .
Many of the people who were at the 10 year anniversary saw the killings .
Some of these people were visiting Australia .
Some of these people were visiting Sydney from other parts of Australia .
Some of these people were from Sydney .
Some of these people were by themselves .
Some of these people were with a friend .
The 7 people were all different to each other .
Some of them had their heads chopped off .
Someone had had sex with some of them .
Some of them had their clothes taken off .
Some of them were wearing clothes that belonged to other ones .
Some of them had had bits of their bodies cut off and put somewhere else .
Some of the bodies were mixups of other bodies .
Some of the bodies were by themselves .
Some of the people had been killed with a shovel .
Some had been killed with an axe .
Some had been killed with a gun .
Some had been strangled .
The 7 people who died had nothing in common .
People who tried to find out who did it said that it must have been 7 different people who killed them .
They said that they were probably a part of a gang .
They said that a big gang like the mafia might have killed these people .
Ivan Milat was a man who lived near Belangalo State Forest .
He tried to help police to find out what happened .
So police started to spy on him to try to find out if he had killed people .
Ivan Milat had a big gun and he liked to go on long trips in a car by himself .
Police then said that Ivan Milat must have tried to kill that man .
They said that that meant that Ivan Milat must have killed all of the other people .
A man named Chopper Read said that he knew who killed the people in the backpacker murders .
He said it was a big gang in Melbourne that killed them .
Some people think that other people helped Ivan Milat .
Police have said that there are more than 30 people that went missing that might have been killed by Ivan Milat .
The 7 people were all different from each other .
The 7 people were all different to each other .
John Howard stopped people from having automatic guns after the Port Arthur massacre in 1996 .
There were 2 bombs in Bali in Indonesia that killed many Australians possibly because John Howard is friends with the USA .
John Howard became very popular in Australia after he stopped people from having automatic guns after the Port Arthur massacre in 1996 .
There were 2 bombs in Bali in Indonesia that killed many Australians because John Howard is friends with the USA .
He has also made Australia much richer than it was before .
John Howard has been leader of Australia since he beat Paul Keating in an election in 1996 .
John Howard has been the kaiser of Australia since he beat Paul Keating in an election in 1996 .
Paul keating was in hospital after he was beaten .
John Howard also took power away from the trade unions .
John Howard has a gimpy leg and hearing aids .
Or because John Howard is a homosexual .
John Howard has been the leader of Australia longer than anyone except Robert Menzies .
John Howard has helped them to go to war with Iraq .
Australia does not owe as much money to other countries now .
Howard 's government has made a lot of changes to the laws of employment .
Some people say this is good for the economy .
Others think that it means more people will lose their jobs .
John Howard has helped stage an immoral war on Iraq .
John Howard has been the leader of Australia longer than anyone except Robert Menzies .
John Howard has helped them to go to war with Iraq .
Australia does not owe as much money to other countries now .
Howard 's government has made a lot of changes to the laws of employment .
Some people say this is good for the economy .
Others think that it means more people will lose their jobs .
Elle McFeast made her name to make fun of Australian model Elle MacPherson .
McFeast is the name of food from McDonald 's and is very unhealthy .
Elle McFeast is not her real name .
Elle McFeast had her own show for many years in Australia and was very famous .
Elle McFeast does not have a show anymore and is not on television anymore .
Elle MacFeast is a comedian who started off on a show with Andrew Denton about sport in Australia .
Elle MacFeast made her name to make fun of Australian model Elle MacPherson .
MacFeast is the name of food from McDonalds and is very unhealthy .
Elle MacFeast is not her real name .
Elle MacFeast had her own show for many years in Australia and was very famous .
Elle MacFeast does not have a show anymore and is not on television anymore .
Linguists who study various spoken forms of language gave it its name .
Some of its pronunciations and grammar resemble the way people talk in West Africa .
There are many rules that govern how the sounds of AAVE are different from Standard English .
People who study language gave it this name .
Some of its pronunciation and grammar resemble the way people talk in West Africa .
There are many rules to AAVE that are different from Standard English .
Check dis ' shizzat .
Dat sheeeeeet be skrate off da block .
Dem niggaz sling dat sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet in music videos .
R3P 1T !
DEY GO !
Fo all doze homies fo understandin da ebonics of da hood .
It full of da history wit its users all da way down from da Towuh uh Babel .
Itz used by da homies to go hatin ' and to mark da hood up .
Peace out .
Da big man up stairs spoke da bonics fo as long as he lived cuz all dem ' back den was really black .
And Yo !
He done saved yo ass from that Busta ' up in da Egypt .
Dem boyz aint finna hab no G 's before me .
And I done made that day cause I be tired of listenin ' to yo whiny ass all da time and shit .
I betta not catch yo ass bustin ' no caps in no niggas .
I ai n't think I finna let a man who done stole live long enough to bone his ho .
You gonna try to up an ' lie ?
Ebonics niggas be like woah in da hood .
Word up !
De letter cuts isself off .
DIs ends de sentence wifout prolems .
De entire span uh de firs age uh de renaissance lasted approximately tree minutes .
Does syrup come from ant jemimas nipples ?
Linguists who study various spoken forms of language gave it its name .
Some of its pronunciations and grammar resemble the way people talk in West Africa .
It first came about in the 16th and 17th centuries .
They called it Ebonics .
There are many rules that govern how the sounds of AAVE are different from Standard English .
Most have to do with grammar .
Hip hop music has made AAVE more famous since the 1980s .
Some people think it is cool and they try to speak it or learn it even if they are not really familiar with it .
The word monitor is a Latin word for warner or suggester .
The many uses of the word are listed below .
They collect information by eavesdropping .
They collect intelligence by eavesdropping .
Welsh people are people that come or came from the state of the United Kingdom .
Partial eclipses usually look like a C.
Partial eclipses usually look like figure C.
Every year about two solar eclipses .
Sometimes there are even five solar eclipses in a year .
A total eclipse is when the Sun is completely hidden behind the Moon .
A partial eclipse is when the moon is not directly between the sun and earth .
It is only partially between the two .
You can see a part of the moon pass in front of the sun during a partial eclipse .
This makes the Moon fully or partly covers the sun .
A total eclipse is when the Sun is completely blocked by the Moon .
The name came from two words put together .
Minneapolis ' name mean City of Waters .
It became one city in 1872 .
The first mayor was Dorilus Morrison .
The name came from two meaning .
Minneapolis name mean City of Waters .
Become one city in 1872 .
First mayor was Dorilus Morrison .
Odysseus and Penelope had a son called Telemachos .
The story of that journey is told in the Odyssey .
Incest is a term that refers to sex between people who are almost similar in traits .
Incest is a term that refers to sex between people who are closely related .
The plough breaks the upper crust of the soil so that air and sunlight enter into the soil .
This makes the soil more fertile but too much or frequent tillage may make it less fertile .
Yarmouth could mean one of the following places .
Yarmouth may refer to one of the following places .
William was King James II 's nephew and Mary 's first cousin .
William was king James ' nephew and mary 's first cousin .
This type of electromagnetism was based on Maxwell 's equations and the Lorentz force law .
Albert Einstein 's work with the photoelectric effect and Max Planck 's work with black body radiation did not work with the traditional view of light as a continuous wave .
This type of electromagnetism was based on Maxwell 's Equations and the Lorentz force law .
Eintstein 's work with the photoelectric effect and Max Planck 's work with black body radiation did not work with the traditional view of light as a continuous wave .
From this example we also show that this law does not occur on the same body .
This is why rockets use less fuel in space than they do getting to it .
The idea of inertia can be seen and felt in every day life .
This is also known as the action and reaction effect where forces only occur in pairs opposite to each other .
This effect is known as inertia .
It also states that an object will not change direction or speed unless and until a force acts upon the object .
This is best evinced by the effects of a person pushing on a wall .
The medium then pushes back with an equal force in the opposite direction .
A force is a push or a pull upon an object which results from its interaction with another object .
Forces result from interactions !
These two forces are called action and reaction forces and are the subject of Newton 's third law of motion .
The resultant force is proportional to the rate of change of momentum with respect to time in the direction that the resultant force acted in .
They a wear mask of black mesh with a bib .
They wear mask of black mesh with a bib .
The Swiss Henri Dunant was the peroson who initiated the creation of the conventions .
Some articles of the four Geneva Conventions say that all states who signed must create sufficient national law to make violations of the Geneva Conventions a crime .
This convention states that a prisoner of war has certain rights .
Therefore they would not have such rights .
The swiss Henri Dunant was the peroson who initiated the creation of the conventions .
The Swiss Henri Dunant was the person who initiated the creation of the conventions .
This convention says how to do it .
This treaty says how victims of conflics and wars should be dealt with .
This is about victims of civil wars .
The Swiss Henri Dunant was the peroson who initiated the creation of the conventions .
The text is given in the Resolutions of the Geneva International Conference .
All four conventions were last looked over and ratified in 1949 .
Those versions are based on previous revisions .
All of the four treaties are about humanitarian issues .
The Swiss Henri Dunant was the person who started the creation of the conventions .
Some parts of the four Geneva Conventions say that all states who signed must create national laws to make of the Geneva Conventions a crime .
This was to make things better for people which have been injured in battle .
This convention says that a prisoner of war has certain rights .
This treaty says how victims of conflicts and wars should be dealt with .
All four conventions were last checked and agreed in 1949 .
Those versions are related to previous revisions .
All of the four treaties concern humanitarian issues .
The Swiss Henri Dunant was the person who initiated the creation of the conventions .
Some articles of the four Geneva Conventions say that all states who signed must create sufficient national law to make violations of the Geneva Conventions a crime .
This was to make things better for people which have been wounded in battle .
This convention states that a prisoner of war has certain rights .
Therefore they would not have such rights .
This treaty says how victims of conflics and wars should be dealt with .
All four conventions were last looked over and ratified in 1949 .
Those versions are based on previous revisions .
It is found just south of an area of outstanding natural beauty called the Lake District .
Lancashire also has a lot of pleasant countryside such as White Coppice and the Rivington Moors .
It is often found on many pub menus in the county and in other places in Britain .
The people of Lancashire are known for their friendly nature .
Humour is also an important part of Lancashire life .
It is commonly found on many pub menus throughout the county and Britain itself .
The people of Lancashire are generally renowned for their friendly nature .
Humour is also a vital element of Lancashire life and Lancastrians pride themselves on having their own brand of humor .
It is just south of an area of outstanding natural beauty called the Lake District .
It is found just south of an area of outstanding natural beauty called the Lake District .
The Church of England was created by King Henry VIII in 1538 .
The Anglican Church was created by Henry VIII in 1538 .
He had wanted to annul the marriage because he wanted a male heir to his throne and Catherine could n't produce one .
There is also sport equipment company Kookaburra Sport .
Kookaburras are very large kingfishers native to Australia and New Guinea .
The longbow was mainly used in the Middle Ages up until Henry VIII 's reign .
The people who fired longbows made theirenemies very frightened .
Those that fired longbows were greatly feared by enemies .
Some other theories think that there are more than four dimensions .
He hoped this new idea would make clear the theory of special relativity .
Some other theories think there is more than four dimentions .
He hoped this would make clear the theory of special relativity .
Jerk is the change in the acceleration of an object .
Yank can be thought as force of jerk .
Force is mass times acceleration .
It is also the derivative of the force .
This leads a tool to be damaged faster .
Jerk is change in the acceleration of an object .
Yank is similar to force with respect to jerk .
It is mass times jerk or it is derivative of force with respect to time .
This leads faster damage to the tool .
Conventional current is positive charge flow .
But this is wrong because positive charges do not move in solid metals .
The Simple English Wiktionary is a of the Simple English Wikipedia .
Wikipedias have articles on things .
Dictionaries have word definitions .
All words are in English .
All definitions are written in simple English so that people who do not know much English can understand them .
The Simple English Wiktionary is a of the Simple English Wikipedia .
Wikipedias have articles on things .
Dictionaries have word definitions .
All words are in English .
All definitions are written in simple English so that people who do not know much English can understand them .
Shut Up !
They founded the band Gay .
They published their first gay album in 1997 .
He came back in 1999 and founded Simple Plan with Sebastien Gaylord and Jeff Cocksucker .
Bouvier and David Dicksucker joined the band .
They founded the band Reset .
They published their first album in 1997 .
He came back in 1999 and founded Simple Plan with Sebastien Lefebvre and Jeff Stinco .
Bouvier and David Desrosiers joined the band .
Radioactive decay is the process of a big and unstable nucleus breaking apart into lighter parts .
Radioactive decay is the process of big and unstable nuclei breaking apart into lighter parts .
Energy is never created or destroyed in radioactive decay .
Only some types of atom are radioactive .
The difference in energy between the nucleus before and after the decay goes into the particles created in the decay .
Energy is not created or destroyed in radioactive decay .
Alpha radiation is very harmful to people who inhale dust or gas containing materials which decay by emitting alpha particles .
Event Horizon is a scary movie from 1997 that starred Sam Neill as the main bad guy .
Event Horizon is a science fiction thriller movie from 1997 that starred Sam Neill as the main bad guy .
In the center of this region is the city of Banja Luka .
In center of this region is the city of Banja Luka .
It was created in its modern form in 1921 .
The colors white and red were earlier declared the official national colors in 1831 by the Polish Parlament in 1831 .
For many centuries the Polish flag was a white eagle on a red background .
The ratio of height to width is 5 to 8 .
The two horizontal stripes are of equal height .
The use of this flag is legally restricted .
Polish flag day is May 2 .
In 1919 the official act did not clearly define the red .
In 1921 the Polish Ministry of Military Affairs used crimson as the shade of red in publications .
In 1928 the president of Poland said the red should be vermilion .
The same flag design is used in the german region Thuryngia and the spanish region Kantabria .
Flag was first time created by Polish Parlament in 1831 .
The same flag have german region Thuryngia and spanish region Kantabria .
Quantum Computation is a way of computation that is very different from classical computation .
Classical computation is the way in which computers have been built for a long time now .
The Quantum Computation is a computation paradigm different to the classical computation .
The Standard Model of physics is the best idea to say how fundamental forces and elementary particles work .
It uses quantum mechanics and special relativity .
They are the particles that join together to make up everything we see .
Fermions have a number of properties including charge and mass which can be seen in everyday life .
These other properties do not usually appear in everyday life .
In physics all these properties are given numbers called quantum numbers .
Fermions are special because you can not put two of them in the same place at the same time .
The electron is the best known lepton .
Fermions are either quarks or leptons .
There are 12 different types of fermions .
Quarks obey physics called Quantum Chromodynamics or QCD which tells how the color force works .
The color force holds the quarks together so that a quark can not be alone .
Leptons do not have color and so they can be alone .
Bosons are the second type of particle in the Standard Model .
These fundamental particles are what make forces .
All of the forces in nature are explained by the four fundamental forces .
This particle has not yet been found but physicists think it is real and are looking for it .
The Standard Model of physics is a quantum model that covers the fundamental forces and particles using quantum theory and special relativity .
The standard model states that there are hundreds of fundamental particles in our universe .
They are the particles that actually make up the universe .
One law that governs all fermions is the Pauli exclusion principle .
It basically states that no two fermions can ever occupy the same address or exact position and properties .
Bosons are the second type of particle under the standard model .
Moldovan is the name of the official language of the Republic of Moldova .
Moldovan is the official language of the Republic of Moldova .
Merapi or Mount Merapi is a volcano in Indonesia .
Koalas are marsupial herbivores that live in East Australia .
The scientific classification of the Koala is Phascolarctos cinereus .
A flashlight is a torch .
Rutherford was one of the original few researchers dealing with nuclear physics .
Such music can be hard to understand .
Such music is hard to understand .
We can change the tone row by playing it backwards .
This is called RETROGRADE .
These can now be transposed to create many more options .
We can change the prime row by playing it backwards .
This is called retrograde .
Now we can also change each of these by transposing them .
Transposition means starting on a different note .
These can now be transposed to create many more ptions .
These can now be transposed to create many more options .
These can now be transposed to create many more options .
These can now be transposed to create many more ptions .
The islands are currently occupied by the South Korean police .
North Korea refers to them as Tok Islet .
The people on the Liancourt made a map of the islands in 1849 .
The western islet is the larger of the two islets .
Cyber Dokdo .
The islands and rocks have a volcanic nature .
Truth of Dokdo .
Story of Dokdo .
A total of 37 of these islets are recognized as permanent land .
Dokdo is located at about 131 52 East longitude and about 37 14 North latitude .
The western islet is located at and the eastern islet is located at .
The islets are 217 km from mainland Korea and 250 km from mainland Japan .
The western islet is made of a single peak .
It has many caves along the coastline .
The cliffs of the eastern islet are about 10 to 20 meters high .
Over 900 Korean citizens say that they live on the islands .
See Hankooki .
See Cyber Dokdo .
Truth of Dokdo .
Importance of Dokdo .
The South Korean couple chose the location to protest against Japanese territorial claims .
Tour 2 Korea Dokdo Tour .
Dokdo can have harsh weather conditions .
The climate is warm and humid .
It is heavily influenced by warm sea currents .
Fog is a common sight .
It warms to about 25 degrees Celsius in August .
It was announced in 2005 that three new genera and five new species of bacteria had been identified by ROK scientists in the waters off Dokdo .
The 37 police on the islets serve as armed guards .
Korea Times Dokdo Hosts First Civilians in a Decade .
Tokdo or Takeshima ?
Liancourt Rocks are a group of small islands in the Sea of Japan .
Liancourt Rocks is a group of small islands in the Sea of Japan .
The jokes are done to embarrass them .
April Fool 's Day is on 1 April every year in many countries .
The jokes are done to embarrass them .
Since water is everywhere we use it to make lots more power for far less money .
Fusion is the process of making a single heavy atom from two lighter atoms .
Since water is everywhere we will have lots of it to use to make lots more power for far less money .
On Earth it is very hard to start nuclear fusion reactions that release more energy than is needed to start the reaction .
On Earth it is very hard to start nuclear fusion reactions that release more energy than is required to start the reaction .
This process is called a nuclear reaction .
It releases a large amount of energy .
The nucleus made by fusion is heavier than either of the starting nuclei .
This lost mass is changed into lots of energy .
Fusion happens in the middle of stars like the Sun .
Hydrogen and helium are fused together .
This releases lots of energy .
This energy powers the heat and light of the star .
Not all elements can be joined .
Heavier elements are less easily joined than lighter ones .
The iron nucleus can not fuse with other nuclei .
The reactions stop .
The star eventually will cool down and die .
The only successful approach so far has been in nuclear weapons .
For over 50 years scientists and engineers have been trying to find a safe and working way of and fusion reactions that can generate electricity .
They still have many challenges to overcome before it can be used as a clean source of energy .
They appeared in the books The Hobbit and The Lord of the Ringsand cameron 's drug adventures .
They appeared in the books The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings .
The sex cells or gametes go through a different reproductive process called meiosis .
They are called chromatids when they are separated .
A chromosome is the part of a cell that carries the genetic information .
Chromosomes are made up of DNA and protein combined as chromatin .
Chromosomes are the parts of a cell which carry the genetic information .
They are made up of DNA and protein combined as chromatin .
If a Turing machine exists for a problem then a computer program exists as well and face backwards .
If a Turing machine exists for a problem then a computer program exists as well and vice versa .
Germany got third place in their home .
Germany got third place in there home .
Germany got third place at home .
Germany got third place in their home .
Italy won the championship .
Polynesia is a group of over 1000 islands in the Pacific Ocean .
Cocaine is a antibiotic .
Another form of cocaine is crack or Your Mom .
This is a cocaine which is turned into little crystals or rock music .
Both cocaine and crack are very funny .
This feeling is called being Portugese .
This is called excercise .
Cocaine is a very cool drug .
Another danger from using the swimming pool is infection with dangerous diseases such as AIDS or fail .
Fun Drugs are medicines or drugs which stop a person from having foreigners in their body .
Cocaine is a stimulant .
Another form of cocaine is crack or crack cocaine .
This is a cocaine which is turned into little crystals or rocks .
Both cocaine and crack are very addictive .
This feeling is called being high .
This is called an overdose .
Cocaine is a very addictive drug .
Anaesthetics are medicines or drugs which stop a person from having feelings in their body .
Dentists put the cocaine on the patient 's mouth so that the patient will not feel pain in their mouth during the operation .
Later she was taken away by Paris .
This started the Trojan War .
Mix is a word that many people use to descibe placing two things together .
Mix is a word that many people use to descibe amalgamating two things .
Someone thinks that this page does not use This does not mean that the page is bad .
It may be too difficult for some users to understand .
You can help Wikipedia by making the page simpler .
Mixing is used in cooking and many other things .
Because of that he was still vulnerable at that spot .
A movie that is about love like Twilight is also be called a romance .
A movie that is about love like The Notebook is also be called a romance .
It was composed by Zubir Said in 1958 as a song to be sung at official events arranged by the City Council of Singapore .
It was composed by Zubir Said in 1958 as a song to be sung at official functions of the City Council of Singapore .
House of Alpin ?
This is a list of the Kings and Queens of Scotland .
This list goes from 843 until when England and Scotland joined together in 1707 .
This is a list of the Kings and Queens of Scotland from 843 until England and Scotland joined together in 1707 .
A prolific American programmer .
The beginning of these characters was at least 4000 years ago .
Chinese characters are an important part of East Asian culture .
The origins of these characters appeared at least 4000 years ago .
Chinese characters are seen as an important culture trait of East Asia .
Aqua is the latin word for Water .
Aqua is also a different name for the colors cyan or aquamarine .
Aqua is a color which is half way between green and blue .
It is sometimes referred to as Turquoise or Sea Green .
Aristotle said that Aeschylus added more characters into his plays .
His characters spoke to each other and not just to the chorus .
This made it easier to create drama between the characters .
There is nothing on it about the plays he wrote .
Aristotle said that Aeschylus added more characters into his plays to allow for struggles among them .
Aeschylus had fought in this war .
People studying Greek history use his play as an important source of information .
There is nothing about the plays he wrote .
His play The Persians is a good source of information about this time in Greek history .
There is nothing on it about the plays he wrote .
Pausanias wrote that Aeschylus worked in a vineyard until the god Dionysus visited him in his sleep .
The most known is probably the cyclops Polyphemos in Homer 's Odyssey .
Most known is probably the cyclops Polyphemos in Homer 's Odyssey .
Memphis is the largest city in the state of Tennessee .
The city has a large port on the Mississippi River .
It is also well known for blues music and barbecue .
Memphis is also known for being the home of rock and roll ledgend Elvis Presley .
Shaka Zulu was born in about 1787 .
His father was a minor Zulu chief .
He lived with his mother in the court of the Zulu leader of the day .
He grew up to become a great military leader .
During this time Shaka reorganized the Zulu into a military clan .
He soon made them into a force unchallenged in Southern African kingdoms .
This also caused the displacement of thousands of people .
The Afrikaners and the British called it the Wars of Calamity .
There were other things that led to the Mfecane .
Ten years of continual warfare placed incredible strains on the Zulu nation .
He executed anyone who did not show enough sadness at the death of his mother .
Tragedy on a vast scale struck Southern Africa in the early 1800 's .
The Afrikaners and the British called the catastrophe the Wars of Calamity .
The causes of the Mfecane were many .
He imposed a year of celibacy on his people and executed anyone who did not show enough grief at the death of his mother .
Now they are three countries .
Some historians call the British Raj Undivided India .
Some historians call this Undivided India .
Some historians call the British Raj Undivided India .
It means the Raj by British .
Raj is a word of Indian languages and this word means to rule .
Now they are three countries .
Some historians call the British Raj Undivided India .
A lever is something that can be used by a lot of ways .
A lever is something that can be used in a lot of ways .
There are three kinds of levers .
The difference between them is where the fulcrum is and where the forces are .
A lever is something that can be used by a lot of ways .
From 1795 to 1918 Poland was n't independent .
Then for a short time he became its a leader .
Together they changed the Polish constitution and made a lot of other changes .
The Iron Curtain is a word related to the Cold War .
The Iron Curtain is a a word related to the Cold War .
The Fertile Crescent earned its nickname because of the humid conditions in the Middle East after the last ice age .
Cingular Wireless is a mobile phone company from United States .
A fretted clavichord was smaller and cheaper to make as fewer strings were needed .
The player could choose which they wanted to use .
If one plays a note on a xylophone or metallophone the beater should be made to bounce off the key quickly so that the key can vibrate .
This is how the hammers in a piano work .
This is basically how the clavichord works .
A fretted clavichord was smaller and cheaper to make .
The player could choose which he wanted to use .
Today a few people make harpsichords and clavichords again so that those who want to can play Renaissance and Baroque music which sounds like it did then .
The cathode ray tube or CRT was invented by Karl Ferdinand Braun .
It is the display device that was used in most computer monitors and televisions before LCD and plasma screens started being used .
A cathode ray tube is an electron gun .
A cathode ray tube is basically an electron gun .
The heater is like to a light bulb .
It heats up and gives out electrons .
The cathode repels the electrons towards the screen because they have the same charge .
The anodes speed the electrons up because they have the opposite charge .
CRTs can also be used as particle accelerators .
The cathode repels the electrons in the direction of the screen because they are also negatively charged .
The anodes which are charged positive cause even more acceleration by attracting the electrons towards the screen .
The heater is like a light bulb .
The heater is like to a light bulb .
The anodes attract and speed the electrons up because they have the opposite charge .
The anodes speed the electrons up because they have the opposite charge .
The Hash function is a function .
It got control over it territory through the help of the bad Russian and Cossack forces that want to bring back the Russian Empire not understanding that the 19th century is gone .
Someone thinks that this page does not use This does not mean that the page is bad .
It may be too difficult for some users to understand .
You can help Wikipedia by making the page simpler .
She will be played by Emma Thompson .
Harry 's crush Cho Chang will appear and have a much bigger role than her one in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire .
She will played by Katie Leung .
Neville Longbottom is set to be played by Matthew Lewis and Luna Loony Lovegood as Evanna Lynch .
Fred and George Weasley are set to be played by James and Oliver Phelps .
Zacharias Smith who does n't believe Voldermort returned will be featured and played by Nick Shim .
Head of Deparment of Magical Law Inforcment is Amelia Bones who will be featured and played by Sian Thomas .
This word is used in Christianity and in other religions .
The word Altar is a word from religion .
The word can be used in Christianity or in other religions .
The altar is a wooden or stone table .
The altar is used for the sservice called Holy Communion .
Altars are used in Christianity and in other religions .
It came from Old English after William the Conqueror came to England with his French nobles and stopped English from being taught in schools for a few hundred years .
It developed out of Old English after William the Conqueror came to England with his French nobles and stopped English from being taught in schools for a few hundred years .
Gorillas will not usually attack but if provoked become very aggressive .
One case of gorilla attack is when an 8 foot tall gorilla killed three children .
Gorillas will not usually attack but if prevoked become very aggressive .
One Case of Gorilla Attack is when a 8 foot tall gorilla killed three children .
Psychosis is the name used in psychiatry for a number of conditions .
The word psychosis has two parts .
Not every psychotic person has all of these problems .
Psychosis can affect people to different levels .
There are many things that can make someone seem psychotic .
Many people have gone through unusual experiences that they believe are real .
Hallucinations connected to religion or paranormal experiences seem to be quite common .
People who have suffered from what could be called psychosis may simply have had experiences that were very strong or distressing .
There is a class of drugs called antipsychotics .
There is therapy for psychotic people .
Psychosis the name used in psychiatry for a number of conditions .
Psychosis can affect people to differing degrees .
Some people can continue with their lives while having unusual experiences while other people will need medical help .
There are many things that can produce the symptoms of psychosis .
Many people have gone through unusual experiences of what they think are different realities .
Hallucinations connected to religion or paranormal experiences seem to be commonplace .
There are certain kinds of therapies .
This is a prize given in the United States .
It is given for journalism and other literary work of very high standard .
This is a prize given in the American .
It is given for jornalism and other literary work of very high standard .
It looks like they believe that the cause for every tragedy on Earth .
They certainly think that a lot of tragedies result from love between a man and a man or love between a man and a woman .
They feel it is not the same as what they think are the true Christian teachings .
They feel it is not the same as Christian teachings .
They certainly think that a lot of tragedies result from love between a man and a man or love between a woman and a woman .
They certainly think that a lot of tragedies result from love between a man and a man or love between a man and a woman .
It looks like they believe that it is the cause for every tragedy on Earth .
It looks like they believe that the cause for every tragedy on Earth .
In several religions priestesses of certain gods have to be virgins .
Virginity means a state of purity or inexperience .
Traditionally a virgin is a person that did not have sexual intercourse .
Virginity has different meanings and importance in different religions and cultures .
In many cultures it is said that women should be virgins until marriage .
This makes a little bit of blood .
They think it is a sign that woman was really a virgin and she has not already had sex .
In Islamic countries they show this blood to the relatives of bride and spouse after the wedding night so that they believe that woman did not have sex .
But the hymen only breaks on some women .
If a woman has a hymen it does not mean she did not have sex before and it does not mean she did have sex before .
It is not proof of virginity .
This makes some blood .
It is a sign that woman was really a virgin and she is not a bad woman .
In Islamic countries they show this blood to the relatives of bride and spouse after wedding night so that they believe that woman is good .
She cared for the Islamic prophet Muhammad when he was a child .
She cared for islamic prophet Muhammad when he was a child .
The river flowed through parts of western and the northern Republic of India .
Sarasvati River was one of the major rivers of Ancient India .
The river flowed through parts of western and northern India .
People may also make artificial rubber from mineral oil .
People have also learned how to make synthetic rubber .
The more current rubber used today was perfected by Charles Goodyear in 1844 .
The stretchy quality of rubber is one of its useful properties .
The pilgrimage is one of the five most important duties a Muslim must do .
These are called the Five Pillars of Isam .
Muslims must make the Hajj at least once in a lifetime if they can afford it .
The pilgrimage is the fifth of five requirements of Islam called the Five Pillars of Isam .
English Civil War is a term used in history .
A civil war is a war where the two sides involved in the fighting are both from the same country or kingdom .
Some of the British people at the time did not like this .
English Civil War is a term of history .
The Britons at that time were horrified by the thought of a Catholic .
The origin of the Urdu language is older than the arrival of the Mughals .
The British called the language Hindustani as it was commonly spoken by both Hindus and Moslems in areas where Islamic culture predominated .
The earliest literary remains of URDU are the poems of Masood Saad Salman of Lahore region .
The tradition of Urdu verse in the Punjabi was developed by Sheikh Osman .
The development of Urdu in the Deccan was helped by the conquest of the area by Aurangzeb which brought poets like Vali into touch with more orthodox and Persianized Urdu of the north .
Ghalib was responsible for the development of Urdu after the ghazal from .
The 1857 uprising had marked to being ruled was being made .
Academic scholarship and literary criticism in Urdu were now possible .
He also revolutionized Urdu verse by introducing the concept of art as a reforming experience .
Later the Urdu progressed and continued after the creation of Pakistan in 1947 .
It was not surprising that the State of Pakistan officially adopted it as the first choice as it was seen as the idiom which had kept Muslim nationalism alive throughout the period of colonization .
So wherever the Mughal Army moved it has adopted the different words from languages of different regions of the Indian subcontinent .
Word Urdu is a Turkish word meaning Lashkar Army .
So wherever the Mughal Army moved it has adopted the different words from languages of different regions .
By the age of 17 he was teaching at his father 's school .
By the age of 17 he was teaching at his father 's school .
Cowpox is a disease .
This disease affects the skin .
It can be spread by touch from cows to humans .
The disease vaccinated against was the deadly smallpox .
Smallpox is caused by the related Variola virus .
In 1798 the English physician Edward Jenner made a curious observation .
It is from these rodents that domestic cats get the virus .
The virus can be found mostly in late summer and autumn .
The ailment manifests itself in the form of red blisters and is transmitted by touch from cows to humans .
In 1798 the rural English physician Edward Jenner made a curious observation .
It is from these rodents that domestic cats contract the virus .
The virus is prevalent in late summer and autumn .
They eat mostly nuts .
They eat nuts .
In chemistry and physics an atomic theory explains what the basic structure of matter is like .
It says that all of matter is made up of tiny parts called atoms .
The atomic theory is one of the most important theories in the history of science .
Research in this area has produced a long list of particles .
All the particles and their interactions observed to date can almost be described entirely by a quantum field theory called the Standard Model .
The Standard Model has been found to agree with almost all the experimental tests conducted to date .
Particle physics has had a large impact on the philosophy of science .
Part of the debate is described below .
The idea that all matter is composed of elementary particles dates to at least the 6th century BC .
They also led to the development of nuclear weapons .
This was referred to as the particle zoo .
The current state of the classification of elementary particles is the Standard Model .
Particle physics is the area of physics that studies what makes up matter and radiation .
The biggest particle accelerator in the world is the Large Hadron Collider at CERN in Europe .
The best theory of particle physics is called the Standard Model .
Particle physics is the area of physics that studies what makes up matter and radiation .
The biggest particle accelerator in the world is the Large Hadron Collider at CERN in Europe .
The best theory of particle physics is called the Standard Model .
Research in this area has produced a long list of particles .
All the particles and their interactions observed to date can almost be described entirely by a quantum field theory called the Standard Model .
The Standard Model has been found to agree with almost all the experimental tests conducted to date .
Particle physics has had a large impact on the philosophy of science .
Part of the debate is described below .
The idea that all matter is composed of elementary particles dates to at least the 6th century BC .
They also led to the development of nuclear weapons .
This was referred to as the particle zoo .
The current state of the classification of elementary particles is the Standard Model .
Physicists find out about particles by studying collisions between different particles .
Particle physics is the area of physics that studies particles .
Actuaries are people who figure out how much money businesses should charge for making promises to pay for something that may or may not happen .
Actuaries are business professionals who deal with the financial impact of risk .
Actuaries use a lot of mathematics and study the economy and finance to figure this out .
People had the idea of joining their money together to help each other out .
Figuring out how much money needed to be collected from people to be used in emergencies was difficult .
People who want to be actuaries need to take many tests .
The tests are not the same in different parts of the world .
The Hindu scriptures are a number of books and other texts which tell about Hinduism and Hindu mythology .
Another word for ecosystem is biotope .
Another term for ecosystem is biotope .
A larger ecosystem can also be called a biome .
A larger ecosystem can also be called a Biome .
Islam spread across the Indian subcontinent over a period of 500 years .
A tort is a injury caused by a person or to another person or organization for which they can in court .
Torts can be physical or .
Money paid by the defendant is called An order to stop doing something is called an .
A tort is a injury caused by a person or organization to another person or organization for which they can sue in court .
Torts can be physical or abstract .
Money paid by the defendant is called damages .
An order to stop doing something is called an injunction .
Walking on someone else 's property without permission is called .
Tort law is the part of law for most harms that are not either criminal or based on a contract .
But some torts are done on purpose .
These are called intentional torts .
Many torts cause physical harm to people .
The person or organization that causes the injury is known as a tortfeasor .
The person who is injured is often called the victim .
The victim may sue the tortfeasor .
The tortfeasor is called the defendant .
Money that the court orders the defendant to pay is called .
Sometimes the same act can be both a tort and a crime .
Unintentional torts are accidents .
They usually happen because someone was not being careful .
An example of negligence is driving a car while not paying attention to the road .
It orders the defendant to pay money only if the defendant was not careful enough .
This is called strict liability or absolute liability .
A tort is a injury caused by an individual or to another individual or organization for which they can in court .
A tort can be intentional or unintentional .
Torts can be physical or .
Torts can involve people or property .
Torts are injuries caused by somebody to someone else .
The individual or organization that causes the injury is known as a tortfeasor .
The injured person or organization may sue the individual or organization who caused the injury .
The person who is accused of causing the injury is called the defendant .
Compensation means making the plaintiff as well off as he or she would have been if the tort had not happened .
Money paid by the defendant is called .
A tort is also intentional if the defendant did not want it to happen but knew it would happen anyway .
Unintentional torts are accidental injuries .
That is called negligence .
An example of negligence is driving a car while drunk .
An accident could also happen because the defendant was doing something very dangerous such as having a lion as a pet .
That is called strict liability or absolute liability .
Reconstruction of the weaver 's house and workshop owned by a guild .
Reconstruction of the weaver 's house and workshop owned by a guild master .
Most men who belong to the religion of Islam or to Judaism must be circumcised .
Jewish boys are circumcised when they are 1 week old .
All men who belong to the religion of Judaism or to Islam must be circumcised .
Jewish boys are circumcised when they are 8 day 's old .
At a circumcision low the inner foreskin is almost completely removed .
Whaling is the practice of hunting whales on the ocean .
Whaling happened the most in the 1800s .
Whales were hunted for their meat and for their blubber .
Whalers would jump into a small boat and follow the whale .
It had a switch blade on the end that would stay in the whale 's skin .
The whalers would then kill the whale with one last harpoon .
This meant the whale would die shortly .
Whaling was a dangerous and messy art .
People could float in the ocean for days before spotting a whale .
This harpoon was called a switch blade .
The reason the switch blade was invented was so that the harpoon would stay in the whale .
The excited whalers would then deal the finishing blow with one last harpoon .
This meant the whale had a mortal wound and would die shortly .
The whalers would wait for the boat they originally had been on .
For several years the whaling business was successful .
Until less whales were starting to be caught .
The whalers said that the whales had gotten smart and left for somewhere else .
This was very cruel way of killing whales as it hurt them a lot .
This was very cruel way of killing whales as it hurted them a lot .
A Concerto Grosso is a piece of music from the 18th century in which there are a small group of instruments and a large group of instruments .
These two groups are contrasted with one another .
A concerto grosso contains several parts that differ in speed and character .
The small group of soloists in his concerti grossi usually consisted of two violins and one cello .
They were more interested in the solo concerto .
The Concerto Grosso is a piece of music from the 18th century in which there is a small group of instruments and a large group of instruments .
The concerto grosso contains of several parts that differ in speed and character .
The small group of soloists in his concerti grossi were usually two violins and one cello .
They were only interested in the solo concerto .
A concerto grosso has several parts that differ in speed and character .
The instruments in the small group of soloists in his concerti grossi were usually two violins and one cello .
A concerto grosso contains several parts that differ in speed and character .
The small group of soloists in his concerti grossi usually consisted of two violins and one cello .
Tagalog is the language that people speak in the Philippines .
It was the last parrot type to have lived before the European conquest in the eastern United States .
Additional sightings were recorded in Okeechobee County in Florida until the end of the 1920s .
The Carolina Parakeet died out for a number of reasons .
It was the last parrot type to have lived before European conquestion in the eastern United States .
Additional siting were recorded in Okeechobee County in Florida until the end of the 1920s .
The Carolina Parakeet died out for a number of causes .
A factor that contributed to their extinction was the unfortunate flocking behavior that led them to return immediately to a location where some of the birds had just been killed .
The Germ theory of disease is a theory in biology .
Today 's view of how disease happens is that those small organisms cause a reaction in the body of those affected by a disease .
The Germ theory of disease is a theory in medecine .
Todays view of how disease happens is that those small organisms cause a reaction in the body of those affected by a disease .
Whether it is a country or not is an issue of contention .
The region continues to say it is independent and acts independently over its territory with the help of Russian forces .
Its sovereignty is an issue of contention .
The region continues to claim independence and maintains sovereignty over its territory with the assistance of Russian forces .
Whether it is a country or not is an issue of contention .
The region continues to say it is independent and acts independently over its territory with the help of peacekeeping forces from four countries .
This vote has not been accepted by Moldova .
There is argument about whether it is really a country or not .
Whether it is a country or not is an issue of contention .
The region continues to say it is independent and acts independently over its territory with the help of peacekeeping forces from four countries .
The Klondike Gold Rush happened in the 1890 's when many people went to river in Canada called Klondike who hoped to find gold there and become rich .
The Klondike Gold Rush was when many people went to river in Canada called Klondike who hoped to find gold there and become rich .
Theism is the religious belief in at least one god .
Theism is the belief in at least one deity .
It is a part of religion .
This taxonomy is based on opinions about the existence of god or gods .
Other taxonomies are possible .
The steam is then used to power electric turbines which make electricity .
The steam is then used to power electric turbines which generate electricity .
They can grow to be about long .
The biggest Blue Whale found was long .
It eats humans and sharks .
Orcas are frequently called killer whales because of their .
Orcas are frequently called killer whales because of their ferocious attitude .
John Adams was the second President of the United States .
Adam Smith was the second President of the United States .
Most people think the name Vodka comes from the Slavic word for water .
Vodka is made from potatoes and grain .
The name Vodka is thought to come from the Slavic word for water .
Directly afterwards something small is eaten .
Directly after wards something small is eaten .
Many people used to think that only people who commit sins will get leprosy .
She became more distant from people .
She became aloof .
Lung cancer is the malignant change and growth of lung tissue .
The newspapers sometimes criticized her for spending the government 's money to buy new furniture for the White House .
His son Robert wanted to take control of his mother 's money .
He sent his mother to an insane asylum .
She never forgave her son .
She spent about four years in France in a city named Pau .
The newspapers of her time sometimes criticized her for spending government 's money to refurnish the White House .
His son Robert wanted to take control of her mother money .
She sent her mother to an insane asylum .
She never forgave her son for this misdeed .
She spent about four years in France in a place named Pau .
She was living with her sister Elizabeth .
The courage and dignity she displayed in the aftermath of this tragedy and during the state funeral won her international admiration .
The courage and dignity she displayed in the aftermath of this tragedy won her international admiration .
Crumple zones in a car help to reduce the impact of force when the car crashes into a solid barrier .
Crumple zones in a car helps to reduce the impact of force when the car crashes into a solid barrier .
Receipts are used to show or prove that someone has got or received something .
It usually shows proof that something has been paid for .
A receipt is a token .
Receipts are used as a token given in exchange for an item left at some place .
This might be a token for the coat left at a social venue like a theater .
Which makes babies !
Most people think that the phrases mixed martial arts and Vale Tudo have the same meaning .
International Vale Tudo Championship .
Guidelines for the use of the flag have been relaxed in recent years to encourage greater usage .
Guidelines for the use of the Flag have been relaxed in recent years to encourage greater usage .
This record still stands .
There seem to be many ideas about how hypnosis started .
The Hindus of India claim that they started the method and used it as a cure for health .
This is one of the main uses of hypnosis today and is linked to psychology .
But the main hypnosis discoveries came in 1842 when James Braid started to learn more about its effects .
In 1843 he wrote a book about this with the title Neurypnology .
There seems to be many claims of origination .
The Hindus of India claim that they founded the method and used it as a cure for health .
This psychological intent is one of the main uses of hypnosis today .
But the main hypnosis discoveries came in 1842 when James Braid started to develop the skill to learn more about its effects .
Lego is a building toy made from small plastic bricks .
Lego is a building toy that are made out of small plastic bricks .
Lego makes me dance the doobs !
Lego is a building toy made from small plastic bricks .
The Lego Group was created by Ole Kirk Christiansen .
A giant panda is a type of bear .
Its closest bear relative is the Spectacled Bear of South America .
There is another type of creature that shares the giant panda 's habitat and has many similar traits .
The red and giant pandas have many things in common .
It can convert the energy present in the form of heat contained in steam from boiling water into useful mechanical work .
The first steam engines were piston engines .
This could move a pump directly or work a crank to turn a wheel and work a machine .
Steam engines were used in factories to work machines and in mines to move pumps .
Later smaller engines were built that could move railway locomotives and steam boats .
Today almost all steam engines are turbines which have no pistons but spin like a windmill pushed by jets of steam .
These work much better than the original kinds of piston steam engines .
They are used in power plants to operate generators which make electricity .
They were the prime moving force behind the Industrial Revolution .
Today almost all steam engines are turbines .
They are used on power plants to operate generators which make electricity .
A Steam engine is an engine which uses steam from boiling water to make it go .
It can change the energy which is in hot steam into movement which can then be used to work a factory or move a railway train or boat .
A Steam engine is an engine which uses steam power to operate .
It can convert the energy present in the form of heat contained in steam from boiling water into useful mechanical work .
Computer programs are normally written in one of many programming languages and then compiled into a form that the computer can understand on it 's own .
The instructions in machine form are usually in a .
Especially the temperature changes in the past 1000 years .
The past 1000 years are of special interest .
Various scientific methods are used in historical statistics .
Some parts of how the temperature record of the earth is calculated may be controversial .
The islands were also called the Spice Islands by the Chinese and Europeans .
Other islands have also been called the Spice Islands .
A second group of Malay people arrived in the early 20th century under the Dutch and this has continued in the Indonesian era .
A second influx of Malay immigrants began in the early twentieth century under the Dutch and continued in the Indonesian era .
Human first domesticated dogs and sheep .
People keep some plants for their beauty .
Those plants are called ornamental plants or house plants .
Plants and animals are domesticated if they have been kept by humans for a long time .
Some of the animals first domesticated by humans are dogs and sheep .
Plants that are eaten or used in another way are called crops .
Plants that are kept by humans because they look good are called ornamental plants or house plants .
People keep animals for fun .
Those animals are called pets .
Those animals are called livestock .
Animals that are kept by people for companionship or fun are called pets .
Martin frantically calls his mother and tells her he thinks his manager is planning to kill him .
The others scurry .
Martin franticly calls his mother and tells her he thinks his maniger is planning to kill him .
The others skurry .
It is the place where the most damage happens .
Many journalists called the site of the World Trade Center twin towers Ground Zero after they collapsed .
The area is currently blocked off and a new Freedom Tower will be built in its place .
Many journalists called the site of the World Trade Center twin towers before they collapsed on September 11 2001 Ground Zero .
The area is currently cordoned off and a new Freedom Tower will be built in its place .
REDIRECTSimple English Wikipedia is smacked by Duke Nukem 's Mighty Foot .
Sing the Batman theme incessantly .
Amuse yourself for endless hours by hooking a camcorder to your TV and then pointing it at the screen .
Speak only in a robot voice .
Push all the flat Lego pieces together tightly .
Stomp on little plastic ketchup packets .
Sniffle incessantly .
Leave your turn signal on for fifty miles .
Name your dog Dog .
Insist on keeping your car windshield wipers running in all weather conditions to keep them tuned up .
Reply to everything someone says with that 's what YOU think .
Claim that you must always wear a bicycle helmet as part of your astronaut training .
Practice making fax and modem noises .
Make beeping noises when a large person backs up .
Finish all your sentences with the words in accordance with the prophesy .
Signal that a conversation is over by clamping your hands over your ears .
Disassemble your pen and accidentally flip the ink cartridge across the room .
Holler random numbers while someone is counting .
Drum on every available surface .
Staple papers in the middle of the page .
Produce a rental video consisting entirely of dire FBI copyright warnings .
Hide dairy products in inaccessible places .
Write the surprise ending to a novel on its first page .
Set alarms for random times .
Order a side of pork rinds with your filet mignon .
Publicly investigate just how slowly you can make a croaking noise .
Honk and wave to strangers .
Dress only in clothes colored Hunters Orange .
Change channels five minutes before the end of every show .
Tape pieces of Sweating to the Oldies over climactic parts of rental movies .
Wear your pants backwards .
Begin all your sentences with ooh la la !
ONLY TYPE IN UPPERCASE .
Buy a large quantity of orange traffic cones and reroute whole streets .
Pay for your dinner with pennies .
Tie jingle bells to all your clothes .
Light road flares on a birthday cake .
Leave tips in Bolivian currency .
Demand that everyone address you as Conquistador .
Wear a cape that says Magnificent One .
Try playing the William Tell Overture by tapping on the bottom of your chin .
Drive half a block .
Inform others that they exist only in your imagination .
Ask people what gender they are .
Cultivate a Norwegian accent .
Lie obviously about trivial things such as the time of day .
Leave your Christmas lights up and lit until September .
Change your name to AaJohn Aaaaasmith for the great glory of being first in the phone book .
Sit in your front yard pointing a hair dryer at passing cars to see if they slow down .
Chew on pens that you 've borrowed .
Wear a LOT of cologne .
Sing along at the opera .
Mow your lawn with scissors .
Ask the waitress for an extra seat for your imaginary friend .
Go to a poetry recital and ask why each poem does n't rhyme .
Stare at static on the TV and claim you can see a magic picture .
Select the same song on the jukebox fifty times .
Never make eye contact .
Never break eye contact .
Construct elaborate crop circles in your front lawn .
Make appointments for the 31st of September .
Invite lots of people to other people 's parties .
Why did the chicken cross the road ?
To get to the other side .
Many men wear this outfit in Western countries on formal occasions like a marriage ceremony or a fancy party .
Many men wear such an outfit is worn in Western countries on formal occasions like a marriage ceremony or a fancy party .
Many men wear this outfit in Western countries on formal occasions like a marriage ceremony or a fancy party or dance .
Many men wear this outfit in Western countries on formal occasions like a marriage ceremony or a fancy party .
Most properties are measured using a number and a unit of measurement .
The unit of measurement is a standard amount .
The number compares the property to that standard amount .
This means a tree that is ten times as tall as a meter stick is 10 meters tall .
The numbers for the measured properties only mean something if the units of measurement are known .
A unit of measurement is a carefully measured amount .
The units of measurement let the properties of a thing being measured be compared to the properties of something else that is well known .
Tom tells John that his board is 10 long .
John does not know what a length of ten means without a unit of measurement .
Just knowing the length number ten alone is not enough .
These have included air strikes on sites in Lebanon and sending ground troops into Southern Lebanon .
These include air strikes on sites in Lebanon and sending ground troops into Southern Lebanon .
Some organisms like bacteria reproduce using binary fission .
Some organisms like bacteria reproduce use binary fission .
The asexual spores have inside them the genetic material to make a whole new organism identical to its parent .
He also brought Communism to Vietnam .
His communist revolution did force the French to leave .
A Communist republic was set up in the northern half of the country .
Vietnamese is also slightly similar to Khmer .
Vietnamese is also distantly related to Khmer .
Vietnamese is also slightly similar to Khmer .
He is 197 cm tall .
His tall is 197 cm .
His name at birth was Mustafa .
His mother brought him .
The terrain of Curitiba is just a little wavy .
The relief of Curitiba is just a little wavy .
It is the 7th largest Brazilian city and 4th largest in the Southern Cone .
The city has the largest population and the largest economy in Southern Brazil .
It has since become an important trading stop because a road was opened .
The road connected the southeast region to Southern Brazil .
The city has the largest population and also the largest economy in Southern Brazil .
The road joined the southeast region to Southern Brazil .
The road connected the southeast region to Southern Brazil .
It becmme an important trading stop because a road was opened .
The road joined the southeast area to Southern Brazil .
They added to the cultural mix that still is there .
The city made plans and laws to slow the growth of the city and that have led to the city being famous for its new ideas and connection to the environment .
It is the 7th largest Brazilian city and 4th largest in the Southern Cone .
It has since become an important trading stop because a road was opened .
The road joined the southeast region to Southern Brazil .
They added to the cultural diversity that still exists there .
The city made several plans and laws that were set up to slow the growth of the city and that led the city to be famous for its new ideas and connection to the environment .
Curitiba 's climate is usually mild all year round though locals complain that the weather can change at anytime .
It can be hot in winter and cold in summer .
Even in one day there can be great differences .
Curitiba 's climate is ly calm all year round though locals complain that the weather can be anything at anytime .
Heat waves happen during winter and cold waves happen during summer are not uncommon .
The city has many areas and buildings for sport .
Golf was introduced around 1904 by English immigrants .
Curitiba is also one of the 18 cities to hold games of the 2014 FIFA World Cup to be held in Brazil .
The city offers several options for practice of all kinds of sports .
The golf was introduced around 1904 by English immigrants .
Curitiba is also one of the 18 remaining candidates to host games of the 2014 FIFA World Cup to be held in Brazil .
Bandwidth is a measure of how much frequency space of a spectrum is used .
Vibrations are something that goes back and forth at a regular rate .
The term bandwidth has been misused in the field of digital data communication .
It is often incorrectly used to mean data carrying capacity .
Bandwidth is a measure of how much frequency space of a spectrum is taken up .
Vibrations are something that goes back forth at a regular rate .
Radio waves are oscillations of electric and magnetic fields .
The term bandwidth has been misappropriated into the field of digital data communication .
It is often incorrectly used to mean data carrying capacity .
The ASEAN holds a meeting every year .
The ASEAN also hold meetings every year .
Rhododendron is a large group of flowering plants .
Rhododendron is a large genus of flowering plants .
The CFC is shit forever !
Some robots can do things on their own .
Some robot can do things on it 's own .
A robot is an electric machine .
A robot is a electric machine .
A robot is a machine or a computer program which seems to have a life of its own .
Is programmable .
Can move .
A robot is a electronic machine .
Some robots can do things on their own .
Others perform programmed jobs .
A robot does work for people .
Some robots do only one thing .
Other robots do many things .
Big robots can paint cars or weld metal .
Small robots can clean floors or open doors .
Robots are used in factories .
They help perform jobs in factories that people would normally do .
They are often used in assembly lines .
This is a result from the effects of CF on other parts of the body .
The murdering would end about 100 days later .
The genocide would end about 100 days later .
A Pie is a type of mudkip .
Mud pie .
A Pie is a type of food .
Pie is great for desserts because of its delicious sweetness .
Call in support for computer programs .
Help if a purchase is broken or not working properly .
Cleopatra VII of Egypt was said to have had a floor of her palace covered in roses before her lover Mark Antony visited her .
Cleopatra VII of Egypt was said to have a floors of her palace covered in roses before her lover Mark Antony visited her .
The rose has been used as a symbol of love for hundreds of years .
The rose has been used as a symbol of a love for hundreds of years .
The rose can be grown in lots of different places .
Venus was the Roman goddess of love and beauty .
It was also with Cupid .
The rose was also sacred to Bacchus .
He was the Roman god of wine .
Anything which was said under the rose was considered to be a secret Cleopatra VII of Egypt was said to have had a floor of her palace covered in roses before her lover Mark Antony visited her .
Roses can be seen very much in gardens .
Sometimes they can be in vineyards as well .
There are over 100 different species of roses .
They are both grown in gardens and wild roses .
Cleopatra VII of Egypt was said to have had a floor of her palace covered in roses before her lover Mark Antony visited her .
East Pakistan was a former province of Pakistan that existed between 1955 and 1971 .
East Pakistan was a former province of Pakistan which existed between 1955 and 1971 .
It replaced the former province of East Bengal and occupied the area now known as Bangladesh .
He composed in the late romantic era .
It began with the words I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madness .
It has strong prestige and is fairly selective in whom it admits to the school .
It is very prestigious and selective .
He liked to make his own handwritten newspapers and books .
He met Allen Ginsberg at college .
He made Kerouac promise to always work to support his mother .
She was a nurse .
She worked in a factory when there were no nursing jobs .
Kerouac published a few and s in New York magazines and newspapers in the 1940s .
Many experiences came through Kerouac 's friendship with Neal Cassady .
Kerouac began to travel with him .
Kerouac had to make his own way home .
Magazines began to request articles and essays from him .
Beat Generation became the name for the new sense of style coming from artists and writers in New York and San Fransisco .
He died with only a few hundred dollars in the bank .
An ongoing problem Kerouac had with fame was that people thought he did all the things he wrote about .
Not everyone who read Kerouac 's stories understood this .
Other people wanted to do those kinds of things with Kerouac .
He became almost a in the house he bought for his mother .
Tom Waits covers a song written by Kerouac called On the Road .
Tom Waits covers a song written by Kerouac titled On the Road .
But the marriage did not last long .
After that she started dating Gerald Ford .
They married on 15 October 1948 .
She spoke on political and many other things .
Her surgery for breast cancer made the public more aware of this disease .
Her birth name was Betty Bloomer .
Her parents were Hortense Neahr and William Stephenson Bloomer .
She was the third child of her parents .
She gave dance tuitions and earned a living during the Great Depression .
They married on 15th October 1948 .
She spoke on political and many other matters .
Her operation of breast cancer made the public more aware of this disease .
She was the First Lady of the United states from 1933 to 1945 .
She acted as the First Lady of the United states from 1933 to 1945 .
She was also a political leader in herself .
She also was for the American Civil Rights Movement .
She became a new role model for the First Lady .
She was also a political leader in her own right .
She also supported American Civil Rights Movement .
She became a new role model for First Lady .
Kennedy died after he was shot .
They had married on 17th November 1934 .
Kennedy died .
He who owns several race horses and the holiday company Pontin 's .
He who owns several race horses and the holiday firm Pontin 's .
Cretans chose kings to rule over them for seven years each .
The queen had her own private staircase so she could go upstairs without bothering the men .
Visitors were lost in the labyrinth unless they used a string behind them to find their way back .
Every year seven young men and seven girls were sacrificed to the Minotaur .
Many scholars think sacrifices to a bull were made because the Cretans thought the sound of an earthquake was an angry bull .
Sometimes a little table with cut into it was put in a comfortable place so snakes could sip some milk from a cup .
They were the first people to build stone theaters where many people were amused by parades and music .
Girls could even help bullfighters .
The men wore small belts around their waists .
The capital of the island is Heraclion .
Crete has a large tourism industry and agriculture industry .
It has tried to change to the 3rd sector .
Actually it tries to change to the 3rd sector .
Martin Gindler the notable piano player .
He fought against the persecution of witches and against torture .
Praetorius wrote a poem about the Great Wine Barrel in the Heidelberg in October 1595 .
In 1596 he became a pastor at a castle in Birstein near Frankfurt am Main .
There Praetorius worked for an Earl und published church songs and books of religion in 1597 .
In 1597 Anton Praetorius protested against the torture of women accused of witchcraft .
His protest was successful .
In 1598 he wrote a book to protest against torture and the prosecution of witches .
When he made a trip to Heidelberg Praetorius was so impressed by the Great Wine Barrel in the Heidelberg Castle that he published a poem with the title Vas Heidelbergense in October 1595 .
He praised the size of the barrel .
The Earl like the poem and called him as a preacher to his castle in Birstein near Frankfurt am Main .
There Praetorius published church songs and books of religion in 1597 .
In 1597 Anton Praetorius had to witness the torture of 4 women accused of witchcraft .
His protest against the torture was successful .
As a consequence Anton Praetorius was dismissed by the Earl .
There he wrote a book about Witchcraft and Witches to protest against torture and the prosecution of witches .
In 1602 he published the book under his own name .
The book was published again in 1613 and in 1629 .
Great Wine Barrel in the Castle of Heidelberg .
In 1596 he worked as a pastor in the church in Birstein near Frankfurt am Main .
There Praetorius worked for an Earl und wrote church songs and books of religion in the year 1597 .
Praetorius fought against torture and against the chase of witches .
Some women were accused to be witches .
So these women were arrested and put in prison .
Praetorius was so shocked about the torture of the accused woman that he demanded a stop .
He fought against the persecution of witches and against torture .
In 1596 he became a pastor at a castle in Birstein near Frankfurt am Main .
There Praetorius worked for an Earl und published church songs and books of religion in 1597 .
Praetorius was so upset about the torture of the accused woman that he demanded a stop .
He worked for the Christian Church as a protestant pastor .
Praetorius wrote a poem about the Great Wine Barrel in Heidelberg in October 1595 .
There Praetorius worked for a prince und wrote church songs and books of religion in the year 1597 .
Praetorius wrote a poem about the Great Wine Barrel in the Heidelberg in October 1595 .
There Praetorius worked for an Earl und wrote church songs and books of religion in the year 1597 .
The first transport system like the modern taxi system started in Paris and London in the early 17th century .
The monarchies that ruled these cities controlled the amount of carriages .
It is located in the district of Hildesheim and is about 30 km southeast of Hannover .
It became the seat of the Bishopric of Hildesheim in 815 .
The automobile company Volkswagen has its main office in Wolfsburg .
Hermann Minkowski was one of Albert Einstein 's teachers .
Hermann Minkowsik was Albert Einsteins teacher .
He built a wooden church there .
He builded a wooden church there .
The dodo is one of the first species that was made extinct by humans .
Dodos could not fly .
They are in the same family as the pigeon .
Dodoes used to live on the island of Mauritius .
That is why the dodo is often used as an example of an extinct species .
The dodo has been extinct since the late 17th century .
It used to live on the island of Mauritius .
That is why it is often used as an example of extinct species .
It is extinct since the late 17th century .
Other space was turned into a fourth studio later .
Other space was turned into a new studio later .
To play the bassoon it is important to have lots of breathing support .
To play the bassoon it is important to have lots of breath support .
To play the bassoon it is very important to have lots of breathing support .
They made famous games like The Sims and Medal of Honour .
They can be imperative or declarative .
Digital Rights Management is a system for computers which stops people from creating copies .
It is often used for music and films .
Some people do not say Digital Rights Management .
Some people believe that people can always find a way to break DRM .
Digital Rights Management is a system for computers which stops people who have bought one copy from creating more copies .
It is often applied to music and films .
Digital Rights Management is a way to stop people from making copies .
It works by using different computer technologies to make it hard for people to make copies .
DRM helps stop people from making copies without buying them .
Digital Rights Management is a system for computers which stops people from creating copies .
It is used so people follow copyright .
It works by using many computer technologies .
Most of these people think that it makes actions harder that copyright allows .
It works by using different computer technologies to make it hard for people to make copies .
Most of these people think that it is used to make it hard to do things that they are allowed to do by copyright .
Some people have suggested that it is possible that digital rights management will always be broken .
Some people have suggested that it is not possible to make digital rights management that can not be broken .
Most often it is called concrete .
Most often it is referred to as concrete .
His games give players many controlling options and contain simple storylines .
These things were very unique in video games when his games were first released .
His games give players many controlling options and contained simple storylines .
These things are very unique in video games when his games were first released .
The irony with this is that this is a part of the consumer culture he hated .
The irony with this is that its add to the consumer culture he hated .
Che Guevara was born in Argentina in 1928 .
His body was not found until 1997 .
He was born in Argentina in 1928 .
His body was not found until the year 1997 .
He was a doctor who was born in Argentina .
He is commonly called Che Guevara or El Che .
He is very popular with socialists .
Time magazine named him one of the 100 most people of the 20th century .
He started to think that only fighting could fix this .
Some see him as a revolutionary leader .
Others see him as a bad man prepared to kill hundreds of people .
Guevara still remains an important person both when talking about politicsBBC News 2007 .
The movie was directed by Walter Salles and produced by Robert Redford .
He is commonly called Che Guevara or El Che and is very popular with socialists .
He started to think that only fighting could solve this .
Guevara still remains an important figure both when talking about politicsBBC News 2007 .
Guevara joined Castro and fought with him .
Guevara became president of the national bank of Cuba .
He later became Minister of Industry .
He was captured in Bolivia .
The Bolivian Army killed him in 1967 .
People have different opinions on Che Guevara .
Others see him as a bad man who wanted to kill hundreds of people .
A black and white image of Guevara 's face is one of the world 's most universally merchandized and objectified images .
They are ironically part of the consumer culture he hated .
It was taken in 1960 .
Guevara still remains an important person politicallyBBC News 2007 .
He started to think that only fighting could fix this .
Che Guevara is a person that people have very different opinions about .
Others see him as a bad man prepared to kill hundreds of people .
Yet a black and white image by Jim Fitzpatrick of Guevara 's face has become one of the world 's most universally merchandized and objectified images .
The irony with this is that this is a part of the consumer culture he hated .
Guevara still remains an important person both when talking about politicsBBC News 2007 .
It is called the most famous photograph in the world .
He saw how poor some people were and thought that fighting could fix it .
Others see him as a bad man who wanted to kill people .
A black and white image of Guevara 's face is one of the world 's most merchandized images .
Guevara still remains an important person .
BBC News 2007 .
He is seen as an example of youthful rebellion .
The movie was directed by Walter Salles .
It was produced by Robert Redford .
Others see him as a bad man who wanted to kill hundreds of people .
A black and white image of Guevara 's face is one of the world 's most universally merchandized and objectified images .
Guevara still remains an important person politicallyBBC News 2007 .
The movie was directed by Walter Salles and produced by Robert Redford .
He studied at the University of Buenos Aires .
He wanted to be a doctor .
He saw how poor some people were .
He thought that fighting could fix it .
He met Fidel Castro in 1954 .
Guevara became head of Cuba 's bank .
Some see him as a good leader .
They are part of the consumer culture he hated .
It describes a trip that he took through South America in the 1950 's .
He studied to be a doctor at the University of Buenos Aires .
He saw how poor some people were and thought that fighting could fix it .
Guevara became president of the national bank of Cuba .
Some see him as a revolutionary leader .
They are ironically part of the consumer culture he hated .
He was a doctor .
He was a follower of Karl Marx .
He is popular with socialists .
Time magazine said he was one of the most people of the 20th century .
Castro was planning a communist rebellion in Cuba .
Guevara joined Castro .
He fought with Castro in Cuba .
Others see him as a bad man .
A black and white image of Guevara 's face is one of the most merchandized images .
He was a doctor who was born in Argentina .
He is very popular with socialists .
Time magazine named him one of the 100 most people of the 20th century .
Castro was planning to start a communist rebellion in Cuba .
Guevara joined Castro and fought with him .
Others see him as a bad man who wanted to kill people .
A black and white image of Guevara 's face is one of the world 's most merchandized images .
He was a communist .
He thought that war could fix it .
He met Fidel Castro there in 1954 .
Guevara was made head of Cuba 's bank .
Others see him as a bad man who wanted to hurt people .
Guevara is still an important person .
It describes a trip that he took through South America .
The trip took place in the 1950 's .
He was a follower of Karl Marx .
He thought that fighting could fix it .
He met Fidel Castro in 1954 .
Guevara became head of Cuba 's bank .
Others see him as a bad man .
Guevara still remains an important person .
It describes a trip that he took through South America in the 1950 's .
Glue is usually white and glue is made in factories .
Glue is a sticky substance that humans have used for years to stick two or more objects together .
Do not ever sniff glue .
Landfills are a good place to leave a big amount of garbage .
They also have a bad odor and look bad .
This is why they are usually made far from where people live .
The rectum is a part of the gastrointestinal system .
It is where feces is stored before coming out of the anus .
Feces in the rectum causes a to make that feces come out .
A toilet is a place where feces can be put .
It begins where the three longitudinal muscular bands called tinea colae of the colon coalesce into one layer of muscle at the sacral promontory and ends at the dentate line of the anus .
Its primary function is storage of feces prior to elimination via the anus .
It is where the central government of the county is .
It is where the central government is .
Urine is sometimes used as a beverage for people who do not think things through very well .
Urine is sometimes used as a beverage for people who do not think things through very well .
Little is known about the number of people who died at Auschwitz and other camps .
It is thought to be a large number .
The Nazis destroyed most of the records .
Studies to arrive at the figures depend on the witnesses and persons of Nuremberg Trials .
Many scholars think this figure might be the right order of magnitude .
No one can say about the exact number of killings and deaths at Auschwitz camps .
But it is thought to be a large number .
The Nazis had destroyed most of the records .
Studies to arrive at the figures depended on the witnesses and persons of Nuremberg Trials .
Many scholars consider this more or less accurate figure though not complete .
They took this step as the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has dismissed the Holocaust as false .
He published his first large poetry collection in 1877 .
He wrote his first short story and dramas when he was only 16 years of age .
He was the youngest of his parent 's 14 children .
His father was Debendranath Tagore and his mother was Sarada Devi .
The tour lasted several months .
One of them was a long poem in Maithili language .
The marriage took place on 9 December 1883 .
He published his first large poetry in 1877 .
He wrote his first short story and dramas when he was only sixteen years of age .
His father 's name was Debendranath Tagore .
His mother 's name was Sarada Devi .
They visited many places in India .
One of them was a long poetry in Maithili language .
Tagore wrote this poetry in Maithili language in a style of Vidyapati .
Vidyapati was a famous poet of Maithili language .
His father arranged a marriage for him .
He married a girl .
His bride was just a girl of ten years .
The marriage took place on 9th December 1883 .
His wife 's name was Mrinalini Devi .
They had five children .
But four of their children died before reaching full adulthood .
The Tamil people number around 74 million in the world .
The remaining Tamil people live in many other places .
They now also include descendants of Tamil speaking people even when they no longer speak Tamil language .
There are around 74 million Tamil people in the world .
The remaining Tamil people live in many other places in different parts of the world .
Some other people have close association with the Tamil people .
They now also include descendents of Tamil speaking people even when they no longer speak Tamil language .
People that have the condition have an extra copy of chromosome 21 .
Doctors in the UK usually inform others that people with the condition have a mild to medium learning difficulty .
People with Down syndrome often have a different shaped eyes than most people .
People that have the condition have an additional copy of chromosome 21 .
Doctors in the UK usually classify people with the condition as having a mild to moderate learning difficulty .
People with Down syndrome often have a different shape to their eyes than most people .
These help to take out oxygen from the air .
It can also be the cause of chemival or physical damage done to the lungs .
People with pneumonia usually have diffivulty breathing .
The treatment of pneumonia depends on how the illness was caused .
People of all ages have pneumonia .
The disease is dangerous .
SARS is a highly contagious and deadly type of pneumonia which first occurred in 2002 after initial outbreaks in China .
New cases of SARS have not been seen since June 2003 .
BOOP is caused by inflammation of the small airways of the lungs .
Eosinophilic pneumonia often occurs in response to infection with a parasite or after exposure to certain types of environmental factors .
Pneumonia is a disease of the lungs .
Freidrich Nietzsche was an author who lived in Germany around 130 years ago .
Nietzsche said that people should create their own facts about morality .
Neitzsche believed that mankind could overcome itself .
Freidrich Nietzsche was a man who lived in Germany around 130 years ago .
He wrote several books which he wanted to change the course of history .
Neitzsche wrote a great deal about how one should live one 's life and what is right or wrong .
Nietzsche said that people should create their own facts abouts about morality .
Many of these ideas are still popular today therefore his work is still of interest amongst academics and intellectuals .
Neitzsche beleived that mankind could overcome itself .
The superman was not described in great detail but was stronger than current man and was less tied down by existing ideas about right and wrong .
Hitler read Nietzsches work and it has been suggested that reading Neitsche had an affect on his behavior .
He was a very good writer however his very late works became increasingly odd .
When he was forty Niezsche went mad .
In the city of Turin he watched a horse being flogged by its owner and ran to embrace the horse .
After this incident Nietzsche never wrote again and was unable to look after himself .
They feel the risks do not outweigh the benefits of GE .
Genetic engineering is also used to clone animals .
They feel the risks do not outweight the benefits of GE .
Genetic engineering is also used in cloning animals .
Genetic engineering should not be confused with Genetic replication and cloning .
Fools will think GE can be used in cloning however they 're two different branches .
GE is simply changing somethings genes while GR is actually copying the genetics thus cloning them .
Genetic engineering is also used to clone animals .
It happens when one nucleophile is replaced by another positive carbon atom .
It is a form of substitution reaction in which one nucleophile is replaced by another on a slightly positive carbon atom .
Dick Clark is nicknamed The world 's oldest teenager .
Dick Clark is the world 's oldest teenager .
Perl is a programming language that was first made to change text files .
Perl is a programming language that was made to deal with text files .
When an area leading to female ejaculation is touched .
Stimulation of an area leading to female ejaculation .
The glands mucus to provide make sexual intercourse easier .
This can be treated by a doctor with antibiotics .
They secrete mucus to provide vaginal lubrication .
Bartholin 's glands are homologous to Cowper 's glands in males .
This condition can be easily treated by a qualified medical professional .
See the article on Thomas Bartholin .
Also known as the KMB Gland .
Other humans do it for fun .
People were hunting since the time whan people used stones .
Hunting can be good by keeping animal populations from getting too high .
Predators and some humans hunt for food .
Other humans do it as a sport .
People were hunting since the stone age .
Hunting can be helpful by keeping animal populations from getting too high .
People were hunting since the time when people used stones .
People were hunting since the time whan people used stones .
Hunting is going out to kill animals .
People were hunting since the time when people used stones .
Hunting is going out to kill animals .
Many places have rules that limit hunting .
People were hunting since the time when people used stone tools .
Many people from India consider him to have been a great emperor .
In 1525 Babur set out to attack and conquer India .
Both armies remained in position opposite each other for a week before the battle began .
He died in 1530 .
He was buried in Kabul .
He was considered to be a great emperor by many people in India .
Both armies remained in position opposite each other for a week before battle began .
It was the capital of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam from 1945 to 1976 .
It was the capital of the Democratic Republic of Vi t Nam from 1945 to 1976 .
Vinh is a city in central Vietnam .
Toulouse is a city in the south of France .
This has been .
You may join if you 'd like to give your opinion on this request .
Please do not remove this notice or empty this page while the discussion is happening .
You are welcome to edit this page and improve it .
It succeeds a previous district which had been created in 1992 with less powers than the current council .
According to Newsweek Toulouse ranked as the third most dynamic city in the world in 2006 .
Toulouse is considered an epicentre for rugby union .
The city will be hosting games at the 2007 Rugby World Cup as well .
The city also hosted games during the 1998 FIFA World Cup .
Complexity theory also looks at how a problem changes if it is done for more elements .
Suppose you want to know which of your friends know each other .
You have to ask each friend whether they know each other friend .
Problems that take four times as long when the size of the problem doubles are said to have quadratic complexity .
Looking something up will take only one step more .
Complexity theory also look at how a problem changes if it is done for more elements .
Looking up something will take only one step more .
I was first used capitalized to mean the scattering of Jews after the capture of Jerusalem by the Babylonians in 586 BCE .
It was first used capitalized to mean the scattering of Jews after the capture of Jerusalem by the Babylonians in 586 BCE .
I was first used capitalized to mean the scattering of Jews after the capture of Jerusalem by the Babylonians in 586 BCE .
It was first used capitalized to mean the scattering of Jews after the capture of Jerusalem by the Babylonians in 586 BC .
It was first used capitalized to mean the scattering of Jews after the capture of Jerusalem by the Babylonians in 586 BCE .
Hastings was the most important fight in the Norman Conquest .
The battle was illustrated in a tapestry called the Bayeux Tapestry .
What happened next is what is known as the Battle of Hastings .
Hastings was the most important fight in the Norman Conquest .
The picture on the right is part of a tapestry called the Bayeux Tapestry .
This had no effect because the English army formed a shield wall and protected themselves from the arrows .
The Normans then turned around and attacked them .
The Normans then turned around and attacked the Saxons .
Most of his trained soldiers deserted him because all of the high ranking men got to have all of the treasures of war .
Used for cutting down mighty trees .
The skin of the Herring is a ery desired material in lingerie and as such contributes to overfishing as well .
The skin of the Herring is a very desired material in lingerie and as such contributes to overfishing as well .
The skin of the Herring is a ery desired material in lingerie and as such contributes to overfishing as well .
They are between Malta and Tunisia .
They are located between Malta and Tunisia .
It is south east of Melbourne .
Junction Village .
The first people to live in the Cranbourne area were the Boonwurrung Aborigines .
The first European settlers were the Ruffy brothers who arrived in 1836 .
The area was opened up by settlers from the 1860s .
Progress in developing the land around Cranbourne was difficult because of the Koo Wee Rup swamp .
William Lyall bought land in the swamp area .
He helped organize draining the swamp to make it usable as farmland .
The region has a strong farming history .
A major cattle market started at Cranbourne in the 1870s .
This was helped with the arrival of the railway in 1887 .
A market gardening industry began after World War I with the arrival of Italian immigrants .
Cranbourne has a long history of horse racing .
The first races were held in 1867 .
The Cranbourne Racecourse and Recreation Reserve and and the Cranbourne Training Complex are popular facilities .
There is a Cranbourne Cup race meeting every year as well as other carnivals .
Cranbourne was made a town in 1861 .
The Shire of Cranbourne was begun in 1868 .
In 1994 the Shire was made a City .
Later in the same year most of the City joined with the City of Berwick to form the City of Casey .
Over the years Cranbourne has changed from a small country town to a rapidly growing suburb .
The exact time of when Cranbourne had changed from town to suburb is not really known .
The number of people living in Cranbourne has grown quickly since the 1970s .
At Cranbourne there are a lot of Australian plants on display .
One feature is an arid lands garden which has a red sand dune with desert plants .
Because of the growth in Cranbourne several new primary schools are being planned .
Thompson Parkway Shopping Centre .
Cranbourne races are a regular event on the racing calendar .
Melbourne 's suburban railway links the suburb to Melbourne .
Prior to European settlement the area is thought to have been occupied by the Boonwurrung Aborigines .
The area was greatly opened up by settlers from the 1860s .
Progress in developing the land around Cranbourne was hampered by the Koo Wee Rup swampland .
A market gardening industry emerged after World War I with the arrival of Italian immigrants .
Cranbourne was proclaimed a town in 1861 and the Shire of Cranbourne was proclaimed in 1868 .
In 1994 the Shire was proclaimed a City but later in the same year most of the City was amalgamated with the City of Berwick to form the City of Casey .
The exact time of when Cranbourne had changed from its status as a town to its status as a suburb is subject to much debate but Cranbourne 's population has rapidly grown since the 1970s .
To cater for the growth in Cranbourne several primary schools have been proposed .
Cranbourne races are an established event on the racing calendar .
Melbourne 's suburban rail services link the suburb to Melbourne .
They are from the family Trochilidae .
They are the family Trochilidae .
He threw them out because he believed they were taking the jobs of Ugandans .
He was overthrown as a result of Tanzanian President Julius Nyerere deciding to invade and save Uganda from Idi Amin 's dictatorship .
He threw them out as he believed they were taking jobs that belonged to Ugandans .
Some people call leaders dictators because they simply do n't like them and they seem powerful .
Furthermore some people call leaders dictators because they simply do n't like them and they seem powerful .
It has more people than any other country in Africa .
It has the largest amount of people of any country in Africa .
ESSEC is now one of the most famous Business Schools and Grandes Ecoles in France .
ESSEC is frequently ranked first nationally .
The Argentinian station on Thule Island was taken down in June 1982 after the Falklands War .
Cruise ships sometimes pass by on their way to and from Antarctica .
The Argentinian station on Thule Island was dismantled in June 1982 after the Falklands War .
Cruise ships occasionally pass by on their way to and from Antarctica .
It says that it is possible to find two twin primes that are as big as wanted .
Two such numbers that are 2 apart from each other are called twin primes .
It says that we can always find two twin primes that are as big as we want .
Two prime numbers that are 2 apart from each other are called twin primes .
Only 22 games were released in Japan and America .
Popular games for the system include Mario Tennis and a Wario Land .
The school 's colors are blue and white and its president is called Richard Brodhead .
The school 's colors are blue and white .
It 's president is named Richard Brodhead .
Basically one must exist before they have essence .
Existentialism is different from Nihilism .
Ways of thinking about life and ways of thinking about how people understand life are called philosophy .
A hairdresser 's job is to cut and style female hair to change their look .
A hairdresser is usually female .
Male hairdressers who cut male 's hair is called a barber .
They usually have to attend time at a beauty school to improve their skill .
A hairdresser modifies hair for women to make them look more gentle and pretty .
Ann Landers was a female columnist who wrote for many local and national newspapers .
Ann Landers was a female columnist who did many local and national newspapers .
The northern bluefin tuna is the largest of the tunas .
They are very powerful and fast and can swim at speeds up to 50 mph .
Northern bluefin tuna are the largest kind of tuna fish .
They live for 10 to 25 years .
The northern bluefin tuna is the largest of the tunas .
Their life cycle ranges from 10 years to max .
The Drake Passage is directly to the south of it .
For many years it was a major milestone on the clipper route by which sailing ships carried trade around the world .
These reasons have made it notorious as a sailors ' graveyard .
An Iceberg is a large piece of ice floating in the water .
An Iceberg is a large piece of ice floating around in the water .
Breaking Benjamin is the greatest band ever hard rock band from Pennsylvania .
Breaking Benjamin is a hard rock band from Pennsylvania .
A headland is an area of land .
It is surrounded by water on three sides .
A bay is a an area of water .
It is surrounded by land on three sides .
The water areas are also called gulfs .
Headlands are made of hard rock and bays are made of soft rock .
It takes the hard rock longer to erode .
A bay is a hole in the land next to a sea or lake between two headlands .
A headland is an area of land which is surrounded by water on three sides .
Headlands are made of hard rock and bays are made of soft rock and it takes the hard rock longer to erode .
A bay is a recess or inlet in the shore of a sea or lake between two headlands .
Headlands and bays are formed when there are parallel sections of softer and harder rock perpendicular to the coast .
Headlands and bays are formed when there are parralel sections of softer and harder rock perpendicular to the coast .
Homeostasis is when an organism allows its body to keep a stable condition .
It does so by regulating its inner equilibrium .
This is done by sweating .
Homeostasis is when an organism regulates its internal environment .
This is done by the sweating .
LOL VANDAL !
Homeostasis is when an organism allows its body to keep a stable condition .
It does so by regulating its inner equilibrium .
Organisms with more than one cell need a homeostatic environment to live .
The regulation of water and minerals in the body .
The regulation of body temperature .
This is done by sweating .
A room that has a toilet in it can be called a restroom or a bathroom .
A public toilet may or may not cost money to use .
Toilets that cost money are called pay toilets .
Public bathrooms often have many toilets with walls between them .
Bathrooms for men often also have separate urinals .
Urinals on walls sometimes have smallers walls or dividers for privacy reasons .
These toilets are in individual cubicles .
Some are simple and have little or no plumbing .
Some toilets cubicles are mobile and can be put in place where and when they are needed .
These toilets are called portable toilets .
Portable toilets are commonly used at large outdoor events like concerts or carnivals .
In the developed world almost all buildings have at least one toilet .
The washing area may be common to both sexes .
This type is typically installed in entertainment areas and made operational during weekend evenings and nights .
Funny gag gift toilet seats .
A toilet is commonly used for pooping or excreating your bowels .
Urine or pee can also be placed in a toilet .
Do n't foget to flush !
Do n't forget to flush !
Do n't foget to flush !
It has often been claimed that the Stegosaurus brain was the size of a walnut .
It has often been claimed that the brain was the size of a walnut .
Sometimes a second part was added .
This was called organum .
Most people think that the liturgy of the Roman Mass was put together during the 7th century .
Later this music developed into the system of eight modes .
This chant was probably named after Pope Gregory the Great .
When Charlemagne had become Holy Roman Emperor he made everyone in Europe use this Gregorian chant .
Gregorian chants are divided into three types based on the number of notes sung to each syllable .
Syllabic chants mostly have one note per syllable .
Some of the chants are recitative and some are free melody .
When two choirs stand in different parts of the church and sing alternately these are called Antiphonal chants .
Gregorian chant used the eight modes which came from the Byzantine chants .
They were written down in a special musical notation called neumes .
The rhythm was probably quite free and flexible .
There were certainly no bar lines and regular beat .
The chant was normally sung by men .
Gregorian chant was a big influence on polyphonic music in the Middle Ages and Renaissance .
Cantus firmus became a very important part of musical composition in the Renaissance .
The myth of Gregory 's authorship is popularly accepted as fact to this day .
Gregorian chant appeared in a remarkably uniform state across Europe within a short time .
The other plainchant repertories of the Christian West faced severe competition from the new Gregorian chant .
Charlemagne continued his father 's policy of favoring the Roman Rite over the local Gallican traditions .
The Gregorian chant of the Sarum Rite displaced Celtic chant .
The first extant sources with musical notation were written in the 9th century .
Most scholars of Gregorian chant agree that the development of music notation assisted the dissemination of chant across Europe .
Early Gregorian chant was revised to conform to the theoretical structure of the modes .
This editorializing has placed the historical authenticity of the Solesmes interpretation in doubt .
Gregorian chants are categorized into three melodic types based on the number of pitches sung to each syllable .
Syllabic chants have primarily one note per syllable .
These chants are primarily syllabic .
Antiphonal chants reflect their ancient origins as elaborate recitatives through the reciting tones in their melodies .
Gregorian chant evolved to fulfill various functions in the Roman Catholic liturgy .
Responsorial chants expand on readings and lessons .
The structure of their texts largely defines their musical style .
The strophic texts of hymns use the same syllabic melody for each stanza .
The use of notes outside of this collection was described as musica ficta .
The dominant is a secondary pitch that usually serves as a reciting tone in the melody .
Ambitus refers to the range of pitches used in the melody .
Not every Gregorian chant fits neatly into Guido 's hexachords or into the system of eight modes .
Melodic motion is primarily stepwise .
Chants often display complex internal structures that combine and repeat musical subphrases .
Chants sometimes fall into melodically related groups .
The musical phrases centonized to create Graduals and Tracts follow a musical grammar of sorts .
Similar examples exist throughout the repertory .
This system of square notation is standard in modern chantbooks .
Chant was normally sung in unison .
We do not know much about the particular vocal stylings or performance practices used for Gregorian chant in the Middle Ages .
This practice appears to have begun in the Middle Ages .
This innovation allowed the soloist to fix the pitch of the chant for the chorus and to cue the choral entrance .
The performance of chant in equal note lengths from the 13th century onwards is well supported by contemporary statements .
The modern Solesmes editions of Gregorian chant follow this interpretation .
The text determines the accent while the melodic contor determines the phrasing .
More complex chants are sung by trained soloists and choirs .
Introits cover the procession of the officiants .
Reciting tones often dominate their melodic structures .
Graduals are responsorial chants that intone a lesson following the reading of the Epistle .
It is common for different Alleluia texts to share essentially the same melody .
The process of applying an existing melody to a new Alleluia text is called adaptation .
Sequences are sung poems based on couplets .
Offertories are sung during the giving of offerings .
Communions are sung during the distribution of the consecrated bread .
Such Communions often do not fit unambiguously into a single musical mode .
The Kyrie is distinguished by its use of the Greek language instead of Latin .
Apel has described these four songs as among the most beautiful creations of the late Middle Ages .
Gregorian chant had a significant impact on the development of medieval and Renaissance music .
Modern staff notation developed directly from Gregorian neumes .
The square notation that had been devised for plainchant was borrowed and adapted for other kinds of music .
Certain groupings of neumes were used to indicate repeating rhythms called rhythmic modes .
Gregorian melodies provided musical material and served as models for tropes and liturgical dramas .
Vernacular hymns such as Christ ist erstanden and Nun bitten wir den heiligen Geist adapted original Gregorian melodies to translated texts .
Secular tunes such as the popular Renaissance In Nomine were based on Gregorian melodies .
The Propers may also be replaced by choral settings on certain solemn occasions .
These polyphonic arrangements usually incorporate elements of the original chant .
The modal melodies of chant provide unusual sounds to ears attuned to modern scales .
Gregorian chant as plainchant experienced a popular resurgence during the New Age music and world music movements of the 1980s and '90s .
Ein Handbuch der Choralwissenschaft .
The Immune system is made up of little white blood cells in your body that fight off disease .
But when Lupus happens .
Lupus can be deadly .
It is a disease of the Immune system that happens when the immune system attacks itself .
The disease can be deadly .
Lupus causes swelling and tissue .
Lupus can attack any part of the body .
The Immune system is made up of white blood cells in your body that fight off disease .
The Immune system is made up of little white blood cells in your body that fight off disease .
There is no cure for Lupus that stops the white blood cells from ever again attacking healthy parts of the body .
But doctors are not giving up on finding some way to cure Lupus .
Many scientists have tried to understand why the rules are different in deep space .
One idea is that we do not really understand gravity as well as we think we do .
So the idea is that there is more matter in the universe than we thought .
It seems that dark matter is not made of the same thing as the matter we see everyday on Earth .
These laws work well for predicting the behavior of objects on Earth .
Several theories were made in attempt to explain this .
A first theory was that our laws of gravity are wrong .
This theory therefore suggests that there must be more matter in the universe than we thought .
It was called dark matter because we know nothing about it and have no real way of detecting it .
It is thought that it is not made of the same thing as the matter we see everyday on Earth .
Molise is a region in the center of Italy .
Molise is a region of a the center of Italy .
Tuscany is a region in the center of Italy .
Tuscany is a region of a center of Italy .
The first sugar mill becomes operational in the Gran Canaria .
The new church was formed because the Mormon church said that marriages under polygamy would stop .
Members of the new church thought polygamy was an essential part of their religion .
The new church was formed because the Mormon church announced that marriages under polygamy would stop .
Members of the new church felt polygamy was an essential part of their religion .
A few people who believed polygamy was an important part of their religion started the new church .
They taught that a man needs more than one wife to be able to get to heaven .
The new church was formed because the Mormon church said that marriages under polygamy would stop .
Polygamy means a man could marry several women at a time .
Members of the new church thought polygamy was an essential part of their religion .
They teach that a man needs more than one wife to be able to get to heaven .
Basilicata is a region in the center of Italy .
Basilicata is a region of a center of Italy .
She had a son named Lars .
It is the capital of Abruzzo .
Is the capital of Abruzzo .
It lies north of Siberia .
People saw this treatment as being intense .
Munch was ill very often .
Munbch was ill very often .
He also made some prints .
He was an expressionist .
His way of seeing things had a large influence on the expressionism of the 20th century .
Itis one of the pieces in a series titled The Frieze of Life .
The Frieze of Life themes come back throughout Munch 's work .
Threatening shapes of heavy trees and houses are above the figurss .
Munch analysts say this reflects his sexual anxieties .
Munch analysts say this reflects his sexual anxieties .
It has common borders with Nepal .
There has been some protests in Tibet since China took control in the 1950s .
There has been some protest in Tibet since China took control in the 1950s .
The projectile for an air gun is usually a pellet .
In many countries there are strict rules that limit the sales of air guns so not everyone can have one .
They are not as powerful as other guns but they can still kill .
In the Olympics and Commonwealth Games air pistols are used in some of the shooting events .
The projectile for an air gun is usually either a pellet or a ball bearing .
In some countries there are strict measures in place that limit the sales of air guns so not everyone can have one .
They are not as powerful as real guns but they can still kill .
In the Olympics air pistols are used in one of the shooting events .
The people who practice Psychiatry and treat others who have psychiatric problems are called Psychiatrists .
This is because of laws made by government that say only medical doctors can prescribe .
Psychiatrists spend many years of learning about how the body and the brain work .
Psychiatrists must learn about all kinds of illnesses .
Sometimes a disease in the body causes the brain to work wrong .
A cancer in the Pancreas causes depression .
Blood sugar problems can cause an ill temper .
These are only two examples .
Psychiatrists spend many years learning how medications can help the brain work better .
Psychiatrists also learn how medications sometimes cause problems to the brain .
Sometimes psychologists send their patients to a psychiatrist if the patient has a problem that medicine can help .
The people who practice Psychiatry and treat others who have problems are called Psychiatrists .
Only psychiatrists can prescribe medications to their patients .
They also spend years learning how medications can help or even cause mental conditions .
Sometimes psychologists refer their patients to a psychiatrist if they have problems that could be helped with medicine .
A Cancer in the Pancreas causes depression .
Blood sugar problems in Diabetes Mellitus can cause a bad temper .
A cancer in the Pancreas causes depression .
Blood sugar problems can cause an ill temper .
They hope someday to really permanently cure or fix mental illness by finding ways to change the brain forever .
They hope someday to really permanently cure mental illness by fix the brain forever .
His research of this theory led him to create talking therapy where he tried to figure out what could cause the mind to do things like this .
He thought by his figuring things out would cure the patient .
Stephen Colbert is an American comedian and is host of The Colbert Report .
Colbert uses a special form of comedy called satire to poke fun at politicians and the news media .
Most famous American politicians and people in the news media agree to appear on his show because it is very popular .
It can be seen on cable television on the Comedy Central network .
Stephen Colbert is a comedian and is host of The Colbert Report .
Stephen Colbert is an American actor and comedian .
He is the of The Colbert Report on Comedy Central .
Colbert uses a special form of comedy called satire to make fun of politicians and the news media .
Many famous American politicians and people in the news media agree to appear on his show because it is very popular .
He has also voiced several characters in Harvey Birdman .
Stephen Colbert is an American actor who is known for making jokes about famous people .
Colbert is also a family man .
He has a wife and two sons .
His two sons are not allowed to watch his television show .
Colbert says that they would not get the show and the jokes .
He is also a practicing Roman Catholic and a Sunday school teacher .
He is the host of The Colbert Report on Comedy Central .
Colbert uses a special type of comedy to make fun of people in the news and government .
Many important American official leaders and people in news agree to appear on his show because it is very popular .
He was not that interested in politics before joining the cast of The Daily Show .
He campaigned in the South Carolina state capital of Columbia .
Colbert was presented with the key to the city by the Mayor Bob Coble .
As an introduction to the Pennsylvania primary he did the same for Pennsylvania classroom projects in honor of their favorite candidate .
CNN has reported that Obama supporters forced the South Carolina Democratic Executive Council to keep Colbert off the ballot .
Many theories exist about what humor is and what social function it serves .
People of all ages and cultures respond to humor .
Nonsatirical humor can be specifically termed recreational drollery .
He got his Bachelor 's degree in Classics from the University of Oxford in 1956 .
He then studied computer translation of human languages at Moscow State University in the Soviet Union in the school of Andrey Nikolayevich Kolmogorov .
He received his Bachelor 's degree in Classics from the University of Oxford in 1956 .
He came back into the band in 1998 and released Californication in 1999 .
He came back into the band in 1999 and released Californication in 2000 .
This is often thought of as the end of the Western Roman Empire .
This was alot of times considered the end of the Western Roman Empire .
Ubuntu is a free operating system that uses the Linux kernel .
Ubuntu is an free operating system that uses the Linux kernel .
Ubuntu splits all software into four different categories to show differences in licensing and the amount of support available .
Ubuntu divides all software into four different categories to show differences in licensing and the amount of support available .
Twiggy ushered in the skinny look in the 60s and so Kate ushered in the waif look again in about 1993 .
Kate made a colossal comeback just months after the cocaine scandal broke .
After the scandal she earned more money than before .
On 15 September 2005 photos were shown in newspapers that seemed to show Kate snorting several lines of cocaine .
Moss lost major modeling contracts with several international companies .
After a short detoxication in the USA she continued her career so as before .
Nearly all companies took her back .
But it 's not sure if she is clean and if she take no drugs any more .
She smokes upwards of 80 cigarettes daily and alcoholism is still an active vice of her .
In September 2006 Kate married her boyfriend Pete Doherty who is singer of the band Babyshambles .
It also rumors that Kate is expecting from him .
Pornography is not helfpul in loving relationships because it usually shows a person who is being treated without respect or love .
He also owned and ran the Australia Zoo at Beerwah in Queensland .
He also owned and run the Australia Zoo at Beerwah in Queensland .
Irwin 's mother and father were Lyn and Bob Irwin .
Irwin lived here until he became an adult .
He also worked for free for the Queensland Government 's East Coast Crocodile Management program .
Irwin became a volunteer for the Queensland Government 's East Coast Crocodile Management program .
Irwin became head of the park in 1991 and changed the name to Australia Zoo .
The journey was recorded for television and became the first part of the television show The Crocodile Hunter .
This show made Irwin famous .
Irwin took over the running of the park in 1991 and renamed it Australia Zoo .
The Crocodile Hunter became a popular wildlife program in many countries .
Bad weather had stopped recording and Irwin took the time to record some different pictures for another program .
Poor weather had stopped filming and Irwin decided to use the time to film some shallow water shots for another program .
He was a Russian composer .
Some people say it is one of the worst movies made by Disney .
Some people consider it to be among the worst movies made by Disney .
Some recording engineers have college diplomas or university degrees in music or sound recording .
Some schools offer degree or diploma programs in Recording .
Some schools offer degree or diploma programs in Recording .
Squirrels are well known in Eurasia and North America .
Grey squirrels cause problems to the red squirrel 's population there .
Red squirrels are protected in most of Europe .
The most common American ones are usually gray or black .
The Red Squirrels are protected in most of Europe .
It was held in San Francisco 's Golden Gate Park .
The hippie movement had two main sources .
One source was college students who were not happy about the way the country was headed .
They did not like the way African Americans were being treated in the south or the way young men were being drafted to fight in the Vietnam War .
Tainan City is a city in Taiwan .
Tainan was the capital of Taiwan in 1661 when Koxinga took the island from Dutch colonial rule .
This was later renamed to Tainan Fu in 1885 .
Tainan was the capital of Taiwan in 1661 by Koxinga after he took over the island from Dutch colonial rule .
This was later renamed to Tainan Fu in 1885 when Taiwan was a province .
They did this to explain things from the bible .
An example is a representative of a group or a concept .
That 's to list out a concrete thing to explain an abstract idea .
It was known before as Brontosaurus .
It was formerly known as Brontosaurus .
Common Era is the calendar system ly used in the Western world to number the year part of a date .
Common Era is the calendar system sparsely used in the Western world to number the year part of a date .
Constructed languages can also be split into groups .
Some constructed languages also have constructed scripts to write them .
Some constructed languages also have constructed scripts with which to write them .
It was started for them to help each other if Russia attacked either of them .
Scientists see that learning about these things does not make teenagers start having sex earlier .
Survey shows intervention crucial to halt HIV in youth .
AIDS Policy Law .
J Adolesc Health .
These scientists see that learning about these things does not make teenagers start having sex earlier .
Return to Castle Wolfenstein is a first person shooter computer game made by id Software and published by Activision for computers as well as PlayStation 2 and Xbox game consoles .
The single player game was developed by Gray Matter Interactive and Nerve Software developed its multiplayer mode .
There are many different versions of the game .
The Collector 's Edition comes in metal case and includes promotional materials .
The Game of the Year Edition comes with the original Wolfenstein 3D and game demos .
The Xbox version has the addition of online play via Xbox Live .
The multiplayer demo included a beachhead assault similar to the opening of the movie Saving Private Ryan .
Other missions are similar to romanticized fictional stories of Allied commandos and resistance fighters that operated behind enemy lines to spy and sabotage .
Blazkowicz is parachuted some distance from the missile base and smuggles himself into the base in a supply lorry .
He is later extracted by unknown means .
A scoped Mauser is obtained later on .
All used unique ammunition .
The Sten and Venom guns both have the capability of overheating .
The single player component of the game was never completed and thus was removed entirely .
It is likely that it will be developed using Doom 3 technology .
Excellence in Programming category .
Airships are vehicles used to travel in the air .
The helium inside them keeps them up in the air and the propellers can push it through the air .
The most famous blimp was the Hindenburg and it crashed when it was landing .
Many people died .
The helium inside them keep it up in the air and then the propellers can push it through the air .
The most famous blimp was the Hindenburg and it crushed when it was landing .
Blimps can be up to hundreds of meters long and very tall .
Blimps can be up to hundreds of meters long and very tall as well .
Vytorin is a clinical drug made up of chemicals called ezetimibe and simvastatin to help people with diseases that change the amount of fats in the blood .
High salt use has received the greatest attention .
High Blood Pressure is a disease that you get if your blood pressure is always above average .
Salt is the environmental factor that has received the greatest attention .
Only in a small minority of patients with elevated arterial pressure can a specific cause be identified .
These individuals will probably have an endocrine or renal defect that if corrected would bring blood pressure back to normal values .
Hypertension is a feature of a variety of adrenal cortical abnormalities .
Is is also known that hypertension is highly hereditable and is made up of more than one gene .
Hypertension under this circumstance needs to be controlled .
It is generally benign .
Script could mean different types of writing that is carefully put together .
Script may refer to different types of writing that is carefully put together .
It is the second largest city in the district Ludwigsburg after Ludwigsburg .
Together with the northern neighbor city Besigheim forms it a central center for the surrounding towns .
It lies in the Sorbian settlement area .
The first time Hoyerswerda was mentioned in a document was in 1268 .
In the year 1371 the emperor Karl IV .
The people were allowed to choose their own council .
This right was given to them by Baron von Duba .
In the year 1705 the Elector of Saxony August the Strong gave Hoyerswerda to Katharina of Teschen .
She was an important person in the small town .
She helped the town to develop its trade and handicraft .
In the year 1815 Hoyerswerda was given to Prussia .
In 1825 it became part of Selesia .
This brought economic prosperity .
A large repair workshop was built .
In 1912 the Sorbians formed an organization called Domowina in Hoyerswerda .
In the year 1945 a lot of Hoyerswerda was destroyed because it was a military stronghold of the German army .
The invading troops of the Red Army set parts of the city on fire .
In 1955 the brown coal industry developed close to the city .
Today this industry lies partly in Brandenburg .
Houses were built here for the families of the people working in the industry .
From 1957 the need of for housing increased even more .
The first large blocks of flats were built .
Altogether ten residential complexes were built creating housing for tens of thousands of people .
At this time Hoyerswerda had the highest birth rate in the GDR .
In 1990 the former Prussian province of Lower Saxony decided by popular vote to go over to the Free State Saxony .
Since the fall of the Iron Curtain many people have left the town .
From 1 January 2008 Hoyerswerda will no longer be able to rule itself as there will be changes to the administration of Saxony .
Hoyerswerda was mentioned for the first time documentary 1268 .
In the year 1371 the market right was lent to it by emperors Karl IV .
This right was lent by baron von Duba .
In the year 1705 gave August the strong Katharina of the Te condition rule Hoyerswerda .
In the year 1945 were explained Hoyerswerda as the fortress and destroyed strongly .
Here the invading troops of the Red Army set parts of the city in fire .
This today partly lies in Brandenburg .
For those there busy humans created one appropriate dwelling .
Altogether ten residential complexes developed with several ten thousand dwellings .
In the years 1993 to 1998 the city was increased by incorporations .
In total between 3 and 6 German soldiers were killed in the Battle of the Somme .
After the Second World War Germany was divided and for Plauen was appropriate now in the border area .
Teams enter the federal league by finishing in a front place in one of the lower leagues .
The leading team is determined by the number of points obtained through the season .
The season is split into two parts .
Below the federal league the 2 forms depending upon kind of sport .
Federal league or regional leagues the second highest play class .
Bundesliga is the name of the highest playing class in a number of sports .
Bundesliga means league of the whole country .
The word is used in the countries Germany and in Austria .
Soccer is the most popular sport in these countries .
Teams come into the Bundesliga by being in a front place in one of the lower leagues .
The team leading at the end of the season is called Meister .
Meister is the German word for .
Season is the time of the year which games are played .
The leading team is found through the number of points gained during the season .
Teams enter the federal league by finishing in a front place in one of the lower leagues .
The leading team is determined by the number of points obtained through the season .
The European Commission is also represented in the committee .
The heads of state of each G8 country attend the summit meeting .
Each year a different country takes over the presidency of the group for the duration of the year .
The country that holds the presidency sets the agenda for the year and hosts the summit for that year .
The 2007 presidency belongs to Germany .
The G8 is not considered an international organization because it does not have administrative structure .
Their meetings are not formal .
The goal is to talk about global topics and problems in a relaxed manner .
There are many global problems and issues that can be discussed at meetings .
The member country holding the G8 presidency is responsible for organizing and hosting the year 's summit .
It 's usually held for three days in the middle of the year .
The first summit meeting was held in November of 1975 in France .
We are deeply concerned .
Besides also the European commission is represented in the committee .
Spain strives already since longer around the admission than full member .
In each case a country takes over the presidency for the duration of a yearly .
The G8 is not considered as international organization .
The ministers of foreign affairs of the states meet briefly before and discuss topics particularly with regard to foreign policy .
Besides there are constant consultations under the full members in the context of the G8 .
Kohl helped to arrange the process of the German reunification and participated considerably in the European agreement process .
Kohl arranged the process of the German reunification and participated considerably in the European agreement process .
A new SDS group was also begun in 2006 .
KG is a German food retail company .
It is an international enterprise with independent national companies almost everywhere in Europe .
Kg is active important market participant of the food retail trade and as international enterprise with independent national companies in completely Europe .
Cheaply at expense of the persons employed .
Globalization and Discountierung in the retail trade .
Berlin 2005 .
This event has been played at the end of every NBA and BAA season in history .
The first was held in 1947 .
The word comes from a German word walzen which means to turn .
Lots of different instruments have a share in playing many different tunes .
Lots of different instruments have a share in playing the variety of tunes .
A prelude is a short piece of music for a musical instrument .
The first prelude in this collection is very famous .
Chopin 's Preludes have some of his greatest music .
A prelude is a short piece of music for an instrument .
The first prelude in this collection is particularly famous .
In the Classical period not many composers wrote preludes .
Chopin 's Preludes contain some of his greatest music .
Bamberg is a university city and administrative city .
The old part of town is worth seeing and belongs to the largest intact historical town centres in Germany .
It has been a world cultural heritage in the list of the UNESCO since 1993 .
Bamberg is an university city and administrative city .
The old part of town worth seeing belonged to the largest intact received historical town centres in Germany and is registered since 1993 as world cultural heritage into the list of the UNESCO .
The United States i like cheese Constitution is the highest law of the United States of America .
The United States Constitution is the highest law of the United States of America .
The United States i like cheese Constitution is the highest lawi like big butts and i can not lie of the United States of America .
The United States i like cheese Constitution is the highest law of the United States of America .
The United States i like cheese Constitution is the highest lawi like big buttsyou suck and i can not lie of the United States of America .
The United States i like cheese Constitution is the highest lawi like big butts and i can not lie of the United States of America .
The United States i like cheese Constitution is the highest law i like big buttsyou suck and i can not lie of the United States of America .
The United States i like cheese Constitution is the highest lawi like big buttsyou suck and i can not lie of the United States of America .
The United States i like cheese Constitution is the highest law i like big buttsyou suck and i can not lie of the United States of America .
It is the biggest state in Australia measured by amount of land .
It is the biggest state in Australia .
She also teaches every subject except gym or chemistry .
Most students consider her a nice or good teacher .
She is pretty old with white hair .
No one likes her food except Jughead .
No one likes her but herself .
It is most famous for being a large steel producing area .
Sometimes this would be called Kantor in Germany .
By the 19th century society had changed .
Sometimes the word Kapellmeister is used in German today to mean the Director or conductor of an orchestra or choir .
Their popularity grew and stores are continually being built and opened .
It is the biggest stock exchange in the United States by the amount of money and the second biggest stock exchange by the number of companies listed .
It is the biggest stock exchange in the United States by the amount of money and the second biggest stock exchange by the number of companies .
The shuttle was invented in 1973 .
The shuttle was conceived in 1973 .
Simple this bitch !
The Space Shuttle is a spacecraft used by the United States ' NASA organization .
Space Shuttles carry astronauts into space .
It is unique among spacecraft because it can be used again .
The shuttle is shaped like a large airplane .
This is another unique thing about it .
Having wings and a tail allows the Space Shuttle to glide and land on a runway .
Most spacecraft use parachutes when landing and made a dooky .
This allows the reusable part of the Shuttle to be very large .
People have said that the Shuttle is very much like a pickup truck because of its usefulness .
The shuttle was invented in 1973 .
It replaced the Apollo capsules .
The first flight was a test of the landing and maneuvering abilities of the shuttle .
This flight was done by the Space Shuttle Enterprise .
It was done by the Space Shuttle Columbia .
It caused a year long stall in space flight .
This is now the main job of the shuttle .
It exploded over Texas .
It again caused a long delay in shuttle flight .
The ZS means it provides a port for MIDI devices .
The ZS means the supports port for MIDI devices .
It 's what everything else sits on and what allows all of the components to talk to each other .
Many things have been made permanent residents through a combination of what customers wanted and what manufacturers could deliver .
The removable components are usually the CPU and memory .
There are also custom boards that have plugs only pertinent to the application they 're used in .
All of the slots and plugs both inside and outside the computer case are shaped a certain way to accept a certain type of component .
The removable components are usually the CPU and memory .
The motherboard is perhaps the most important part of a computer .
It 's what everything else sits on and what allows all of the components to talk to each other .
All of the different parts of the computer are connected to the motherboard .
This lets them work together .
Normal electrical parts must be kept on the motherboard .
Many of the major parts that are attached to the board are able to be removed in the future so that they can be upgraded .
These were put on the board to free up the card slots for other things .
There are also rare motherboards that have plugs only for very specific parts .
All of the slots and plugs both inside and outside the computer case are shaped a certain way to accept a certain type of part .
These colors make it easier to pair the plug to the port .
Many things have been made permanent residents through a combination of what customers wanted and what manufacturers could deliver .
There are also custom boards that have plugs only pertinent to the application they 're used in .
All of the slots and plugs both inside and outside the computer case are shaped a certain way to accept a certain type of component .
With HDTV we can watch television in higher quality than old television .
HDTV gives you a more vivid and clear screen .
Most HDTV systems use digital signals .
HDTV can control resolution efficiently .
With HDTV we can watch television in high quality than old television .
Most HDTV systems use digital signal .
HDTV have resolution at least twice of SDTV .
So It can present vivid screen than analog television or DVD .
Buffalo Bill has been abducting women and skinning them .
The film was released in 1991 .
The film also won Oscars for Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Picture .
It is one of the only three films to win the five most important Academy Awards .
The film adaptation was released in 1991 .
It is one of only three movies to win the five most important Academy Awards .
It is one of the only three movies to win the five most important Academy Awards .
The LNH began as a parody of superhero comic books and the internet .
The LNH is the first and oldest shared universe started on a USENET newsgroup .
Newsgroups are internet groups for talking about certain things .
USENET is the system that runs these groups .
Sometimes it is used to mean a living person or person from history .
Sometimes it is used to refer to a living person or person from history .
The goddess Hestia was one of the first generation of Olympians .
Zeus under whose thunder the wide earth quivers .
A beaver is a kind of rodent .
Beavers can only be found in North America and Europe .
Beavers are known for building and keeping dams in rivers .
A beaver is a rodent .
Beavers can be found in North America and Europe only .
Beavers are known for building an maintaining dams in rivers .
The bladder is an organ in the human body .
All the liquids that we drink have to go through our bladder .
The bladder takes in the liquid in order for your body to function .
The bladder works together with the kidneys .
The kidneys clean the liquid we drink and turn it in to liquid .
The bladder is a type of organ in the body .
Disciples often live their life in a very simple way .
Usually a judge or other person requests it .
There might be genes that make them repeat this role behavior .
There might be genes that makes them repeat this role behavior .
He is the main character in a series of books written by Bernard Cornwell .
Many of the books have been made into television movies .
Sharpe 's story is set during the Napoleonic Wars .
He then becomes friends with Patrick Harper .
His storyis set during the Napoleonic wars .
He then joined the 95th Rifles Divison .
They go on to have a really great time and do some neat stuff with swords and shooty things .
John Fitzpatrick is an avid fan of Richard Sharpe .
Sharpe has a series of sword waving adventures .
The 95th Rifles was then sent to northern Spain with General Moore 's army .
It was in Spain that he became friends with Patrick Harper .
Sharpe has a series of sword waving adventures .
The final book looks at Sharpe on a mission to rescue his old friend the Spanish Captain General Don Blas Vivar in Chile .
Then he saved the Duke of Wellington 's life .
The 95th are then sent to northern Spain with general moore 's army .
He then becomes friends with Patrick Harper .
There are many ways poeple can protest .
Protesting is speaking out against something that you feel is wrong or injust .
People can protest in a variety of different ways .
It was a proper city in 1342 and became the seat of a Lutherian bishop in 1554 .
It was given city rights in 1342 and became the seat of a Lutherian bishop in 1554 .
Most peasants could not have a read or write .
They did not usually talk with the higher society unless it was about work .
Peasants did not have a high literary rate .
They did not usually talk with the higher society unless it was work related .
A peasant is a name for a person that worked for others and never had much money otherwise known as Ryan Logh .
A peasant is a name for a person that worked for others and never had much money .
Secondary school is also commonly known as high school .
Secondary school are also commonly known as high school .
Magnetic levitation is a technology that uses magnetic fields to make the train move .
Magnetic levitation is a science that uses magnetic fields to make the train move .
A subtropical cyclone is a weather system that is similar to a tropical cyclone and similar to an extratropical cyclone .
A subtropical cyclone is a cyclonic weather system that has some characteristics of a tropical cyclone and some characteristics of an extratropical cyclone .
A third subtropical cyclone was named Subtropical Storm Andrea which formed on May 9 just before the start of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season .
A third subtropical cyclone was named Subtropical Storm Andrea which formed on May 9 prior to the start of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season .
There was much discussion between meteorologists in the late 1960s as of what a subtropical cyclone was .
These cyclones usually last for a short time .
They are around 23 degrees Celsius .
Subtropical cyclones have wide wind patterns with the winds getting stronger as they get further away from the center of the storm .
They are around 23 degrees Celsius .
This also means that subtropical cyclones are more likely to form outside the traditional time limits of the hurricane season .
Subtropical cyclones are only found in the northern Atlantic Ocean and in the eastern Pacific Ocean .
From a big mesocyclone with a cold core .
A tropical wave forming over sea surface temperatures of 23 degrees .
From the s of a tropical cyclone after while losing its tropical characteristics .
From a developed mesocyclone with a cold core .
A tropical wave forming over sea surface temperatures of 23 degrees Celsius .
A subtropical cyclone is more likely to be a tropical cyclone than an extratropical cyclone .
Subtropical cyclones have wide wind patterns with the winds getting stronger as they get farther away from the center of the storm .
Subtropical cyclones have wide wind patterns with the winds getting stronger as they get further away from the center of the storm .
Many people also buy a morning newspaper to read about what is going on in the world .
Many people also find out about the news on the television or the radio .
Then many people go to work or school .
Many people also buy a morning newspaper to read about the current news .
Many people also find out about the news on breakfast television and breakfast radio .
Cereal is also a popular breakfast dish .
It can be made by pouring cereal into a bowl with milk .
It can be made by pouring cereal into a bowl with milk or water .
It can be made by pouring cereal into a bowl with milk .
The Ateneo de Manila University has many campuses in Metro Manila .
The Ateneo de Manila University has several campuses in Metro Manila .
Several thousand teachers teach students of different ages from elementary to postgraduate .
Kindergarten children are usually between three and seven years of age .
Kindergarten children are generally between three and seven years of age .
Parts of Cedar Key and Crystal River became flooded from the high waves associated with Alberto .
These names will be used for storms that form in the North Atlantic in 2006 .
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin .
Subsequent weakening occurred as it moved over the cooler waters of the continental shelf .
Alberto became an extratropical storm that morning while quickly moving towards the coast .
The names to the right will be used for named storms that form in the North Atlantic in 2006 .
Beryl moved parallel to the East Coast of the United States and crossed over Nantucket Island before becoming extratropical southwest of Nova Scotia on July 21 .
Beryl paralleled the East Coast of the United States and crossed over Nantucket island before becoming extratropical southwest of Nova Scotia on July 21 .
It quickly became stronger and organized itself to become Tropical Depression Eight .
The hurricane then became an extratropical storm on September 24 and died shortly after .
It became fully extratropical on 24 September .
He became Prime Minister in 2006 .
He is also the leader of the Moderate Party .
The Moderate Party is the largest of the four political parties in the Swedish government .
The popular American movie critics Roger Ebert and Richard Roeper have given positive reviews of the movie .
This ca n't be my destiny This was song by Phil Collins .
But unfortuantly it never made it to the movie .
The song was however mention in the special feature by Phil Collins .
This song was never released .
Brother Bear is a Disney animated movie from 2003 .
The rainbow trout is one of many different kinds of trout .
The rainbow trout is one of a variety of different trout .
He frequents a class for feeble minded folks taught by a teacher named Miss Kinnian .
Journalists write texts for newspapers .
Anna Politkovskaya wrote for the newspaper Novaya Gazeta .
Many people think this murder has political reasons .
The Noyava Gazeta has put up a reward for information that can explain why she was killed .
She was well known for her opposition to the Chechen conflict and the Putin administration .
She wrote articles for the publicatiuon Novaya GGazeta .
She was known for her critical prosition on the war in Tchechnya .
She was also in opposition to the current Russian president Vladimir Putin .
Many people think this murder has a political background .
It is one of the language that is spoken by a lot of people .
Breathe is a slow moving song about how endless life feels sometimes .
On the Run is the next song .
He quit the army in 1993 when he became Governor .
Optimisation is about finding a better solution to a problem .
The cost is the cost it takes to travel the route .
This is like the cost of an airplane tiket or train ticket .
The question is now to find the best route for the salesman to visit the cities .
The porblem is among the problems that are very hard to solve .
Many people have studied this problem .
The problem with this is that for N cities you have N factorial possibilities .
Heuristics are approximatoions .
Many people have studied the problem .
The problem with this is that for n cities you have n factorial possibilities .
The problem is among the problems that are very hard to solve .
Heuristics are approximations .
But it is not possible to prove that those solutions are optimal .
The porblem is among the problems that are very hard to solve .
Heuristics are approximatoions .
It is however not possible to prove that those solutions are optimal .
Optimisation is about finding a better solution or answer to a problem that will lessen costs .
But it can be shown as a picture very easily with graph theory .
These give either seemingly good or seemingly accurate solutions .
But it is not possible to prove that those solutions are optimal or the best .
Optimisation is about finding a better solution to a problem .
But it can be illustrated very easily with graph theory .
These deliver either seemingly good or seemingly accurate solutions .
But it is not possible to prove that those solutions are optimal .
The question is how to find the best route for the salesman to go to the cities .
The cost is the cost it takes to travel the route .
This is like the cost of an airplane ticket or train ticket .
The question is now to find the best route for the salesman to visit the cities .
Optimisation is about finding a better solution or answer to a problem .
In this context better solution often means a solution that is cheaper .
TSP is a mathematical problem .
Optimisation is about finding a better solution or answer to a problem that will lessen costs .
It is a mathematical problem .
The monster wants to kill itself because it felt neglected .
The monster wants to kill himself because it felt neglected .
The Battle of Sluys is fought between the ships of the navy of the Kingdom of England and those of the Kingdom of France .
This battle is famous for the destruction of the French cavalry by English Longbowmen .
The Battle of Sluys is fought between the naval fleets of the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of France .
Cashbot HEadquaters This is the second hardest headquaters !
Lawbot HeadQuaters This is the third hardest Headquaters !
Cashbot HEadquatersTHis is the second hardest headquaters !
Once you finish you 're 12 task you can go fight the CFO AKA Cheif finnacial adviser .
Lawbot HeadQuatersTHis is the third hardest Headquaters !
The function of the first division is to permit crossing over .
All eukaryotes that reproduce sexually use meiosis .
Gainsharing is a system of management used by a business to get higher levels of performance through the and of its people .
Gainsharing should not be with profit sharing .
It could also be called savings sharing .
There are two important parts of a Gainsharing system .
One is a .
Gainsharing is best defined as a system of management that looks for higher levels of performance through the involvement and participation of its people .
Gainsharing should not be confused with profit sharing .
Another possible term is savings sharing .
There are two important elements of a Gainsharing system .
One is a bonus calculation .
Are we done yet ?
Then return that solution .
One or more rules to break down the base hypothesis into simpler cases .
An electrolyte is a solution that has ions in it .
It will dissolve in water .
It was once known as oil of vitriol .
It will dissolve in water at all concentrations .
It was opened on 14 June 2006 .
He was born on September 21 1954 in Japan .
Every year the Richard Wagner Festival takes place .
Mmmmm Mmmmm good !
They are served as a main dish .
They are also served as a dessert .
Data looks like it is organised in tables .
These tables can then be joined together so that simple fields can be chosen from them .
Data looks like it is organised in database tables .
Known as durability .
The mayor is Anita Schwarz .
Its mayor is Anita Schwarz .
University President is the highest title in some universities .
It is the same as the Chancellor or rector in other Universities .
The glans penis is a cap around the corpus spongiosum .
It is attached to the Corpus cavernosum penis .
At the tip of the glans is the urethra .
The foreskin keeps the glans moist .
The glans penis is the expanded cap of the corpus spongiosum .
The proportional size of the glans penis can vary greatly .
The foreskin maintains the mucosa in a moist environment .
Szabo and Short found that the glans of the circumcised penis does not develop a thicker keratinization layer .
Merkel nerve endings and Meissner 's corpuscles are not present .
An optical fiber is a thin fiber of glass or plastic that can carry light from one end to the other .
An optical fiber is a thin string or fiber for taking light from one end to the other .
It is usually made of glass or plastic .
A salt mine is a mine where salt is taken from the earth .
Usually the salt is mixed with rock that has Chlorides and Sulfates .
A salt mine is a mine where salt is extracted from the earth .
Usually the salt is mixed with rock containing Chlorides and Sulfates .
Usually the salt is mixed with rock that has chlorides and sulfates .
Usually the salt is mixed with rock that has Chlorides and Sulfates .
The southern part of the bay is surrounded by a navy station of the United States .
This base is also now used as a place to keep people captured by American forces from Afghanistan and Iraq .
Some people say that these people do not get the rights that they should get as prisoners of war under the Geneva Conventions .
One reason that they are there may be that the laws of the United States do not apply to them .
This has also been reported by some Europeans who were taken by CIA torture flights and have now been released .
This camp is a navy base and would sometimes hold people who had escaped from the Cuban government by sea .
The southern part of the bay is surrounded by a naval base of the United States .
Some people say that the prisoners do not get the status and the rights of prisoners of war under the Geneva Conventions .
Also the laws of the United States do not apply to them .
This has also been reported by Europeans who were allegedly kidnapped and transported by CIA torture flights and have now been released .
Dacians led bu Decebalus fought in two wars against the Romans from this year to AD 88 or 89 .
Domitian makes himself censor for life .
This gives him the right to control the Senate .
His totalitarian tendencies put the senatorial aristocracy against him .
Baekje invades Silla in the Korean peninsula .
The War continues till the peace treaty of 105 .
Strauss became very famous for his waltzes .
He became extremely famous for his waltzes .
They job of the Speaker is to keep the House in order and to assign committee memberships and chairmanships .
The job of the Speaker is to keep the House in order and to assign committee memberships and chairmanships .
A frequent source of jokes on the show is the never ending variations of nicknames assigned to him by the Get This hosts .
They also often refer to his Wikipedia page and the constant battle between Wikipedia moderators and users expanding the list and vandalising the page .
A frequent source of jokes on the show is the never ending variations of nicknames assigned to Richard by the Get This hosts .
The also often refer to his Wikipedia page adn the constant battle between Wikipedia moderators and users expanding the list and vandalising the page .
Sometimes larger cats meow but smaller cats do it much more often and without stopping .
Furry is also a word that describes something covered with Fur .
Furry is a type of art with cartoon animals that act like people .
GameFAQs is a website with help for video games .
GameFAQs is a website with FAQs and walkthroughs for games .
GameFAQs is a website with help and information for video games .
GameFAQs is a website with help for video games .
Islamophobia literally means the fear of Muslims .
It is sometimes used to describe a of the faith and its followers and often actions taken in order to voice this and hatred .
It can take the form of criticisms against certain ideological positions taken by believers but almost always paint the faith itself as the actual problem .
Islamophobia literally means the fear of muslims .
It is sometimes used to describe a hatred of the faith and its followers and often actions taken in order to voice this fear and hatred .
It can take the form of criticisms against certain ideological positions taken by believers but almost always paints the faith itself as the underlying problem .
The Electorate are the people or citizens of a state who elect representatives to represent them in a democracy .
The Electorate is the people or citizens of a state who elect representatives to represent them in a democracy .
The Order of Operations is a mathematical and Algebraic concept .
It is used to simplify expressions and equations .
The Order of Operations defines the order in which different operations should be simplified .
It is critical to the solution of equations or expressions in the mathematics world .
A speech from one person to lots of people is called an address .
Also different languages may be involved .
Luke Skywalker is a fictional character seen in the Star Wars universe .
They walked through the school firing randomly at other students and teachers .
It happened in 1999 .
Many consider it to be a sad event .
His parents went to school and were well known .
Rizal looked up to him .
She read a lot and knew about art and other thing .
Rizal said she was loving and very smart .
He learned the alphabet from his mother at the age of three .
He surprised his family and relatives with his pencil drawings and sketches and with his moldings of clay .
It is about the love of one 's language .
He stopped in his studies when he felt that the Filipino students were being treated unfairly by their Dominican tutors .
He hoped to make changes in his country and to educate the Filipinos .
Rizal wrote several poems and books that show his love for his country .
It exposed the bad habits of the Spanish priests .
It was more tragic than his first book .
He showed the bad things done by the priests and the people in the government and this led him and his relatives into trouble .
He also operated and worked in a hospital .
He was never allowed to talk to these witnesses .
It is very well written and became a famous poem .
His parents were educated and belonged to distinguished families .
Rizal called him a model of fathers .
She was a cultured and accomplished woman whom Rizal said was a loving and prudent mother .
He astounded his family and relatives with his pencil drawings and sketches and with his moldings of clay .
The theme of it revolves on the love of one 's language .
He stopped in his studies when he felt that the Filipino students were being discriminated against by their Dominican tutors .
He hoped to get political and social reforms for his country and to educate his countrymen .
Rizal wrote several works with nationalistic and revolutionary tendencies .
It exposed the arrogance and despotism of the Spanish clergy .
It was more revolutionary and tragic his first novel .
He maintained and operated a hospital .
He was never allowed to confront these witnesses .
It is considered a masterpiece and a living document .
He hoped to make changes in his country and to make the Filipinos go to school .
Rizal wrote many poems and books that show his love for his country .
It showed the bad habits of the Spanish priests .
They were not only finding faults but were making up bad things against him .
They were able get people to say bad things against him and linked him with the war .
He was never allowed to talk to these people .
He hoped to make changes in his country and to educate the Filipinos .
Rizal wrote several poems and books that show his love for his country .
It exposed the bad habits of the Spanish priests .
They were not only finding faults but were making up charges against him .
They were able get witnesses that linked him with the revolt .
He was never allowed to talk to these witnesses .
Idiot is a word used to describe someone who is stupid .
The adjective is idiotic .
The noun idiocy describes the state of being idiotic .
The word can be used in different ways .
The word idiot comes from a Greek word idi t s meaning a person with no professional skill .
In this sense it was sometimes used to describe women and slaves .
In Latin it was used to describe someone who was uneducated and did not know much .
By the Middle Ages the word seems to have become used in its modern meaning as someone who does not have much sense .
Until recently the word idiot was used in medicine and psychology to describe someone with a mental illness .
Nowadays such people are usually described as mentally retarded or as people with learning difficulties .
The word idiot is now offensive in that meaning .
Kings often had jesters in real life .
A court jester had the job of making the king feel happy when he was sad .
There are jesters or fools in a lot of Shakespeare 's plays .
The word simple is also similar to idiot .
Someone who is simple is a person who is not very clever or streetwise .
Such people are simpletons .
Idiots or simpletons are often used in literature .
That is why he can break the magic spell cast by Klingsor .
The idiot often appears in Russian literature .
Dostoyevsky wrote a novel called The Idiot .
It is about a man who is simple and trusting .
At the end of the opera Boris Godunov by Mussorgsky the crowd of poor people gather round the simpleton who is the last person to sing in the whole opera .
His moans express the fact that Russia will continue to be ruled by cruel dictators and the people will remain poor .
He did not say where he got the information .
He did not specify the source of information .
The Lips are a body part around the mouth .
Lips also shoo emotions .
The Lips is a visible organ around the mouth .
Enable speech .
Lips also express emotions .
Someone can get this disease by kissing or having oral sex .
This disease can be contracted by kissing or having oral sex .
An allergy is when someone can not have a certain thing enter his or her body without getting sick .
Nucleic acids are where genetic information is stored .
Nucleic Acid is where genetic information is stored .
Blood pressure is the pressure made by the blood at right angles of the walls of blood vessels .
Blood pressure is higher in arteries than it is in other blood vessels .
Systolic pressure is the first number given in blood pressure readings .
It is the peak pressure in the arteries during the cardiac cycle .
A normal peak pressure for a healthy adult at rest is about 120 mmHg to 80 mmHg .
The pressure of the blood in other vessels is lower than the arterial pressure .
This can be very different for each person .
The American Medical Association says that even the stress of having your blood pressure taken can make it higher .
They call this white coat hypertension .
Blood pressure is the pressure made by the blood inside blood vessels .
The blood pressure changes .
Blood pressure is the pressure made by the blood at right angles of the walls of blood vessels .
The blood pressure varies .
It is the peak pressure in the arteries during the cardiac cycle .
The mean arterial pressure and pulse pressure are other important quantities .
The band is a very dangerous force to the people who like it and to world governments .
Cartoon Network said that they will released a DVD of the first season of Metalocalypse and an album of Dethklok 's songs in the summer of 2007 .
The album will have many songs that played during the show and will have several special guests .
And Many more .
She has brought out a range of Cosmetics called Dessert Treats and Dessert Beauty .
He is probably the most well known for playing fictional spy James Bond in seven movies from 1973 to 1985 .
He played James Bond more times than any other actor .
He began his by becoming a male model .
He is most well known for playing fictional spy James Bond in seven movies from 1973 to 1985 .
He played James Bond more time than any other actor .
Coprophagia is the eating of faeces .
Eating ones feces can also spread disease .
Coprophagia is the eating of faeces .
Humans do it only on rare occasions and it is looked down upon in most societies today .
Eating ones feces can also spread disease .
Usually it is located in a city or urban area .
Usually it is located in an urban area .
A problem is a situation which is difficult to deal with .
If you have a problem you have to find a way of solving the problem .
The way to solve it is called a solution .
John has locked his car keys inside his car so that he can not get at them .
John has a big problem .
We can also talk about a child with behavior problems .
Some problems are made up for fun .
These are like puzzles .
John is three times as old as Mary .
In three years time he will be twice as old as Mary .
How old are John and Mary ?
Children often like to give one another problems that can be solved by lateral thinking .
This means using the imagination rather than strict logic .
Peter and Ruth went out .
They were sure Samuel had done it .
Why did they not call the police ?
The word comes from the greek word for obstacle .
A Zeppelin is an airship .
In the Second World War the Nazis largely used them for propaganda purposes .
A Zeppelin is a airship .
In time of the Nazis they largely served propaganda purposes .
Bad conditions were put on the Jats and they lost many civil rights .
The first two were Buddhist Rajputs and the last two Hindu Brahmins .
The new Brahmin rulers were extremely hostile towards the Buddhists who were in substantial numbers in Sind at that time and they had ruthlessly suppressed the Jats and Meds who formed the bulk of the peasantry .
Humiliating conditions were imposed on the Jats depriving them of many civil rights .
It is in the Karakoram section of the Himalayas between Pakistan and Chinaand it is the National mountain of Pakistan .
Respiration also takes place at inside cells .
When living things respires it is simple breathing in and out .
Respiration also takes place at a cellular level .
Respiration is always confused with breathing .
Respiration is not the same as breathing !
Respriation means more than one thing .
Animals breathe in oxygen and breathe out carbon dioxide .
Respiration also takes place at inside cells .
They made it to give each other power .
Each person helped the others to be more powerful .
It was made in 60 BC .
It finished with Crassus ' death in the year 53 BC .
Then Caesar and Pompey started fighting .
Caesar won at the Battle of Pharsalus .
Then Caesar became dictator in the year 44 BC .
Occam 's razor often comes up in medicine when there are many explanations for symptoms and the simplest diagnosis usually is the correct one .
Occam 's razor often comes up in medicine when there are many explanations for symptoms and the most simple diagnosis usually is the correct one .
The simplest explanation is always correct .
Entia non sunt multiplicanda praeter necessitatem .
Things should not be done more times than they need to be .
The wind has blown them down .
Occam 's razor also often comes up in medicine when there are many explanations for symptoms and the simplest diagnosis usually is the correct one .
She was badly hurt and all her fingernails were broken off .
It does not hurt when you cut your nails .
The nails are made up of a protein called keratin .
Hair and skin also have keratin .
It is not painful when you cut your nails .
The nails are composed of a protein called keratin .
Hair and skin also contain keratin .
Some have moved on land permanently though .
The crustaceans are a large group of arthropods .
The Crustaceans are a large family of arthropods .
Ming Kipa is a Nepalese Sherpa girl .
Ming is in the Guinness World Records Book for completing this extraordinary challenge .
Ming Kipa is Nepalese Sherpa girl .
Ming is in the Guinness World Records Book for completing the extraordinary challenge .
He became a Muslim in 1977 .
Oil well is a way that people get oil from the ground .
Oil well is way that people get oil from the ground .
Oil wells can be good to get oil .
Oil has many uses .
Sometimes there are bad things from oil and oil wells .
People make a hole deep in the ground and then take oil from the hole .
Oil wells are useful for getting oil .
People make a hole in the ground and then take oil out of the hole .
Oil wells can be good to get oil .
Oil has many uses .
Sometimes there are bad things from oil and oil wells .
Most malls also have roofs so people can shop inside .
Most malls have a food courts .
Food courts are areas where people buy food .
Most malls have roofs so people can shop inside .
There are over 100 different virus types in this group .
Stanford also hosts volunteer programs and a teaching hospital .
Stanford hosts programs and a teaching hospital in addition to various community outreach and volunteer initiatives .
Shorthand systems allow people to write much faster .
Shorthand systems allow to write much faster .
This view was rejected at first .
His family did not have a lot of money .
At fourteen he was taken to learn the ways of the bookbinder and bookseller by George Riebau .
Faraday found inspiration by the book Conversations in Chemistry by Jane Marcet .
He contributed many discoveries to the field of electromagnetism and electrochemistry .
This view was rejected at first .
He made the first electric motor .
It is thanks to his early work that the electricity has been made into a useful technology today .
He had to teach himself to read and write .
At fourteen he was taken to learn the ways of the bookbinder and bookseller from George Riebau .
He began to attend public lessons run by the best scientists in London at the time .
The note he made he showed to the great scientist Sir Humphrey Davy who liked him and offered hin a job as a helper .
Faraday 's knowledge continued to grow as he helped Sir Humphrey Davy until he was making new discoveries on his own .
He was eventually made a professor .
The importance of his work was seen within his own lifetime and Queen Victoria gave him a pension in his old age as a reward .
He contributed many discoveries to the field of electromagnetism and electrochemistry .
This view was rejected at first .
At fourteen he was taken to learn the ways of the bookbinder and bookseller by George Riebau .
At fourteen he was taken to learn how to be a bookbinder and bookseller from a man called George Riebau .
He read Isaac Watts 's The Improvement of the Mind .
At fourteen he was taken to learn the ways of the bookbinder and bookseller from George Riebau .
At that time only a little was known about electricity .
It is thanks to his early work that the electricity has been made into a useful thing today .
It is thanks to his early work that the electricity has been made into a useful technology today .
It is a set of mystical powers that all the Jedi and Sith have .
It is a set of mystical power 's that all the Jedi and Sith have .
In UK an apartment is a flat .
Entropy is the name of some different things .
It came from the study of heat energy in the period 1850 to 1880 .
Some very useful mathematical ideas emerged from the study of entropy .
It came from the study of heat energy in the period 1850 to 1880 .
Some very useful mathematical ideas about probability calculations emerged from the study of entropy .
Some very useful mathematical ideas emerged from the study of entropy .
The word Entropy came from the study of heat in the period 1850 to 1900 .
The word Entropy came from the study of heat and energy in the period 1850 to 1900 .
The word Entropy came from the study of heat in the period 1850 to 1900 .
The breed is beautiful and has a gentle personality .
People who look after Borzois have done an good job of stopping health problem .
The breed is known for its beauty and gentle personality .
It weighs between 75 and 85 pounds .
People who raise Borzois have done an good job of stopping health problem .
A third world war does occur in the backstory of Star Trek .
A shotgun is a a gun that can shoot out many things at the same time .
The gas from the burning fuel will push whatever is being fired out of the barrel .
The things that are being fired will seperate after they leave the barrel .
A shotgun will have one of more barrels .
These barrels are normally either next to each other or on top of each other .
A shotgun is a smooth bore firearm capable of propelling multiple projectiles .
The group of projectiles exits the barrel and fly to the intended target .
A shotgun will contain one of more barrels .
These barrels are normally mounted in a side by side or over under configuraiton .
It is usually inherited .
People who have it have so called tics .
Tics use more than one muscle .
The most common form is called cloprolalia .
It is when people curse involuntarily .
TS is considered to be quite frequent .
Up to one of 100 people may have it .
Toruette Syndrome is not seen as a mental illness .
The frequency of the tics usually decreases when people get older .
Adults with severe TS are rare .
There is no cure for TS .
However there are drugs that can help people manage tics .
Coprolalia is using words or phrases that some people might find offensive without being able to stop saying them .
These may include curse words .
He was one of the first doctors to describe the symptoms .
Tourette 's is normally inherited and starts in childhood .
He was one of the first physicians to describe the symptoms .
This means that genes were changed directly to make things happen .
A bean is it 's fruit .
This plant comes from Eastern Asia .
Soy beans are used for food .
Many other products also contain soya .
It is a vegetable .
The plant started life from Eastern Asia .
Soy beans are used as vegetables .
Many other productts also contain soya .
Long Island is in the eastern time zone .
It was believed to be able to knock down giants and entire mountains with only one hit .
Some say that the Black Elves made it when Loki asked them to .
It was believed to be able of knocking down giants and entire mountains with only one hit .
Some say that The Black Elves made it when Loki asked them to .
A border dispute is when two countries or more do not agree where border is between two countries .
An example is the State of Israel and Palestine .
Another example is Pakistan and the Republic of India over the territory of Kashmir .
Is the birthplace of many noted Brazilian writers and musicians such as Euclides Neto and Luiz Caldas .
Euclides Neto and Luiz Caldas are someones .
Babe Didrikson was the first famous female player back in the 1920 's .
Many think she was good at it .
Some were designated as offense and some as defense .
Babe Didrikson was the first famous woman player back in the 1920 's .
She was good at it .
Some were designated as offense and some were defense .
Positive numbers written are to the right of zero on a number line .
It is on the Moselle River .
It is situated at the Moselle River .
Its following book is Small Steps .
Its sequel is Small Steps .
There was almost no water for washing and noticeably not enough public hygiene facilities .
We wanted to see big ben and we found some very interesting facts about it .
Big Ben is a very important tower of London .
Windows Neptune is a version of Microsoft Windows that was not released .
It was planned to be a home editon of Windows 2000 because Windows 2000 was released as a business and power user edition .
It is not known if Microsoft ever wanted to release it .
It is unknown if Microsoft has ever intended to release it .
Windows Neptune is a version of Microsoft Windows that was in development during 1999 and January 2000 .
Windows 2000 was released as an operating system for businesses and people that know how to use computers well .
Windows Neptune was going to be a version of Windows 2000 that was easier for home users to use .
Nobody knows if Microsoft were ever going to release Windows Neptune .
Whistler was later released as Windows XP .
Windows Neptune is a version of Microsoft Windows that was not released .
It was planned to be a home editon of Windows 2000 because Windows 2000 was released as a business and advanced user edition .
Creation of Windows Neptune ended in January 2000 .
It is not known if Microsoft ever wanted to release it .
A cell nucleus is a small round object found inside a cell .
Egg yolks are nuclei .
The Nucleus of a cell is a small round object found inside a cell .
It is the command center of the cell .
Even egg yolks are Nuclei .
Renin is an enzyme that is made by the kidneys .
It is released into the circulatory system to raise blood pressure .
This causes more blood to be sent to the kidneys .
Renin is a proteinase of high specificity that is released by the kidney and acts to raise blood pressure by activating angiotensin .
It rapidly colonized large areas of Ireland and Scotland .
Those Monogenea that lay eggs there is a larval stage called an oncomiracidium .
This stage is there for the transmission from host to host .
Monogenea are a type of flatworm .
They are parasites which means that they always need another creature to live on .
They live on the outside of their .
This means that they have both sexes .
It is at the larva stage that they are able to travel from one host creature to another .
Monogenea are a type of flatworms .
Those Monogenea that lay eggs there is a larval stage called an oncomiracidium .
This stage is there for the transmission from host to host .
Maxwell grew up in a religious family .
In 1850 Maxwell changed to Cambridge University at the Trinity College .
In 1854 he obtained his degree in mathematics from Cambridge .
From 1855 to 1872 he did research on color blindness .
He researched mainly on electromagnetism and on the kinetic gas theory .
Maxwell growed up in a religious family .
In 1850 Maxwell changed to the Cambridge University ato the Trinity College .
In 1854 he ggot his degree in mathematics from Cambrighe .
From 1855 to 1872 he researched on color blindness .
He resaerched mainly on electromagnetism and on the kinetic gas theory .
Maxwell grew up in a rich religious family .
In 1847 he started studying mathematics at the University of Edinburgh .
In 1850 Maxwell changed to Trinity College at Cambridge University .
He won prizes from the university for his work and was given his degree in 1854 .
He worked there until the two colleges in Aberdeen joined together in 1860 and he lost his job .
He then became a professor at King 's College London .
Maxwell died in 1879 from cancer .
Maxwell grew up in a religious family .
In 1850 Maxwell changed to Cambridge University at the Trinity College .
In 1854 he obtained his degree in mathematics from Cambridge .
He researched mainly on electromagnetism and on the kinetic gas theory .
Maxwell died in 1879 .
Depleted uranium is what is left over after uranium is enriched .
Depleted uranium is what is left over at the end of the uranium enrichment process .
It was once the home of the Dukes of Norfolk .
It was once the home of the Duke of Norfolk .
Each phase is important to mitosis .
Each phase is essential to mitosis .
The sperm and ova are also called gametes or sex cells .
The gametes go through a different division method called meiosis .
Neurons do not ever divide .
Culture and trade flourished .
Soon afterward the expansion was abruptly stopped .
The battle lead the empire into a dramatic decline .
Several centuries of internal warring and Turkic invasions followed .
This paved the way for Emperor Alexius I Comnenus to send a call for help to the West in 1095 .
The West sent the Crusades .
These eventually led to the Sack of Constantinople .
It was the participants of the Fourth Crusade who did that .
The conquest of Constantinople in 1204 led to the fragmentation of what little was left of the empire into successor states .
The winner of these disputes was that of Nicaea .
This finally lead the empire into a dramatic decline .
Several centuries of internal strife and Turkic invasions ultimately paved the way for Emperor Alexius I Comnenus to send a call for help to the West in 1095 .
The exact borders of the Maya empire in the north are unclear .
There were probably areas where Maya culture overlapped with other culures .
These cultures and the Maya probably influenced one another .
These cultures and the formative Maya probably influenced one another .
World War I was a war fought from 1914 to 1918 .
World War I ended many of Europe 's old empires and monarchies and weakened France and Britain .
World War I was a war fought from the years 1914 to 1918 .
But then it became clear that he had different believes concerning church doctrine .
Several centuries of internal wars and Turkic invasions followed .
Several centuries of internal warring and Turkic invasions followed .
They also were able to observe the behavior of the animals they painted .
Some of the paintings show how the painted animals behaved .
They also were able to paint the behavior of the animals .
The Industrial Revolution started in Great Britain .
It brought many advances in the way goods were produced .
These advances allowed people to produce much more than they needed for living .
Adam Copeland a Canadian professional wrestler that currently works for WWE .
Adam Copeland an Canadian professional wrestler that currently works for WWE .
A semiconductor is a solid whose electrical conductivity that can be controlled by adding impurities .
The electrical conductivity can be changed a great deal with a high level of control .
A semiconductor is a solid that has an electrical conductivity that can be controlled .
The electrical conductivity can be changed a lot .
The electrical conductivity of the semiconductor can be changed to stay the smae or to change .
Semiconductors are very important .
They are used in technology .
Silicon is the most used semiconductor .
There are many other semiconductors .
She is currently considered as an Italian sex symbol .
She is currently considered an Italian sex symbol .
Some projects on Wikia are more for people who are very interested in the topic .
Wikia uses advertisements to generate money .
She simply geos by the name Raven for most of her acting .
Symone is famous for playing her part in That 's So Raven and her movies The Cheetah Girls and The Cheetah Girls 2 .
She now uses just the name Raven for most of her acting .
Embryology is the study of embryos or babies inside of mothers .
Embryology is the study of embryos or babies in the mother 's stomach .
Sometimes embryology can refer to sexual reproduction that is not sexual .
He drew paintings like the famouse The Third of May 1808 or Charles IV of Spain and His Family .
He drawed paintings like the famouse The Third of May 1808 or Charles IV of Spain and His Family .
He drew paintings like the famouse The Third of May 1808 or Charles IV of Spain and cock .
He drew paintings like the famouse The Third of May 1808 or Charles IV of Spain and His Family .
He painted La maja vestida after people in Spanish society got upset because of the the Desnuda he had painted .
The painting does not try to show an allegory or a mythological figure .
People do not know for sure who the Maja was .
There are several theories .
The most popular one says she was the Duchess of Alba .
Goya probably had an affair with her .
Neither theroy has been proven true or false .
He painted La maja vestida after outrage in Spanish society over the previous Desnuda .
The identity of the Majas is uncertain .
In 1793 and 1794 Goay was recovering from his illness .
These pictures are known as Fantasy and Invention today .
They show an important change in his art .
Courtyard with Lunatics is a horrifying and imaginary vision of loneliness and fear .
It also shows how mentally ill people have trouble dealing with scoial events and with other people .
Goya shows mental illness in completely different was that the painters before him did .
Artists such as William Hogarth treat mential illness in a much more superficial way .
He painted many portraits of the Spanish Royal Family .
His most famous paintings are Charles IV of Spain and His Family and The Third of May 1808 .
He drew paintings like the famouse The Third of May 1808 or Charles IV of Spain and His Family .
The nude painting was thought of as very shocking .
One idea is that she was the Duchess of Alba .
She may have been Godoy 's mistress .
Perhaps Goya painted the figure from his imagination .
This painting is unusual because the nude figure is not meant to be a Goddess and does not seem to have any symbolic meaning .
It also shows how mentally ill people have trouble dealing with scoial events and with other people .
Artists such as William Hogarth treat mential illness in a much more superficial way .
He painted La maja vestida after people in Spanish society got upset because of the the Desnuda he had painted .
The painting does not try to show an allegory or a mythological figure .
People do not know for sure who the Maja was .
There are several theories .
The most popular one says she was the Duchess of Alba .
Goya probably had an affair with her .
Neither theory has been proven true or false .
It also shows how mentally ill people have trouble dealing with social events and with other people .
Artists such as William Hogarth treat mental illness in a much more superficial way .
His unhappiness was also affected by the French invasion of Spain in 1808 .
Goya moved to a house far away from the court .
His state of unhappiness was also affected by the French invasion of Spain in 1808 .
One of the things that made the Hellenistic time different from other times was the division of Alexander the Great 's country into smaller parts .
In every part there was a family of leaders .
This way of making buildings was new for Greece .
The Hellenistic countries were lucky because they had much empty space where they could make big new cities .
Pergamon is a very good example of Hellenistic architecture .
Different Attalid kings added to it and made a huge group of buildings .
The agora is the beginning of a street which goes through the whole Acropolis .
One of the biggest ones is the one with the Pergamon Altar which is called of the gods and of the giants and is one of the most beautiful pieces of Greek sculpture .
Pergamon in particular is a characteristic example of Hellenistic architecture .
The buildings are fanned out around the Acropolis to take into account the nature of the terrain .
A cat is placed in a room that is separated from the outside world .
We can say this because we do n't know what the quantum states are .
By looking at the experiment the person has influenced the experiment .
A cat is placed in a room that is shielded from the environment .
By merely looking at the experiment the person has influenced the experiment .
There is no way to know until the door is opened .
The simplest way to summarize this experiment is as follows .
There is no definite answer .
We can say this because we do n't know what the quantum states are .
Many countries like the US and China call it just Macedonia but others do n't .
Many countries like the US and China call it just Macedonia .
It 's in the northwest of the Macedonia region .
The film is based on the novel of the same name by Robert Bloch .
This was by the of Wisconsin serial killer Ed Gein .
The film was nominated for four Academy Awards .
It is mostly noted for the killing of a main character early in the movie .
Hitchcock also did something like that in Vertigo .
It 's most famous line is A boy 's best friend is his mother .
Jazz fusion music mixes jazz music styles with rock music styles .
Jazz fusion music songs are often longer than pop music songs .
A jazz fusion song could be five or even ten minutes long .
A pop song is usually only three minutes long or less .
Jazz fusion music does not get played on the radio much in the US or Canada .
Radio stations in Europe play more jazz fusion records .
Jazz fusion began in the late 1960s in the United States .
In the late 1960s jazz musicians such as Miles Davis and a band called The Tony Williams Lifetime began using electric instruments such as electric bass and electric piano in their jazz music .
Two important jazz fusion albums are In a Silent Way and Bitches Brew .
This new style of pop fusion was softer and slower .
Pop fusion was played a lot more on the radio than the fusion from the early 1970s .
Jazz fusion music often has long songs with long solos .
Jazz fusion music does not get played on the radio much in the US or Canada .
Radio stations in Europe play more jazz fusion recordings .
In the 1960 's Julian Cannonball Adderley began playing music that had jazz styles and pop music styles .
Much of 1970s jazz fusion music was done by musicians who had worked with the trumpet player and jazz composer Miles Davis on the jazz fusion albums In a Silent Way and Bitches Brew .
A railway signal or just signal is a mechanical or electrical machine that gives train drivers or engineers information about the state of the line ahead .
It can also tell what speed the train may go .
It is one of two vessels in the plant which transports substances that plants need to live .
It is one of two vessels in the plant which transports things .
The inside part of the tube is called the xylem .
Tumors that are benign may be at risk of changing into malignancy .
Tumors that are benign may be at risk of degenerating into malignancy .
Firefighters of the time usually made firebreaks by destroying buildings around the fire so it could not spread .
Leaving London to go and live elsewhere was strongly encouraged by Charles II .
He feared a London rebellion amongst the refugees who had lost their property .
All dates are given according to the New Style .
Firefighters of the time would usually make firebreaks by destroying buildings around the fire so it could not spread .
Impeachment is a way to remove government officials from office in some countries .
It happens when the official does not want to leave his or her job .
Impeachment in many places is a process to remove government officials without that official wanting to leave his job .
His family is rich .
A battle is a fight between two or more groups where each group is trying to defeat the others .
A device is anything that is made for a purpose .
A device can be a tool or machine .
A device can be a picture on a coat of arms or shield .
To be left to one 's own devices means to be left all alone without any help .
A device can be a machine .
A device can be a picture on a coat of arms .
A pterosaur was a flying reptile that lived at the same time as the dinosaurs .
A pterosaur is a flying reptile that live at the same time as the dinosaurs .
He said that his only purpose was to have a free and lawful Parliament .
He said that his only purpose for the was to have a free and lawful Parliament .
James was also very angry and thought his daughter was unfaithful to him .
James was also angry at what he thought was her .
Mary was a Protestant .
She became queen after the Glorious Revolution .
He declared that James ' newborn son was the pretended Prince of Wales .
He made a declaration which referred to James ' newborn son as the pretended Prince of Wales .
She shared this position with her husband .
He was jealous of his wife 's position as the to the English Crown .
He was also fearful that she would become more powerful than he was .
This made her less popular .
Anne appeared at court with Sarah and supported Churchill .
He took as his second wife the Catholic Mary of Modena .
She was also known as Mary Beatrice d' Este .
They did not even try to save their King .
Mary was unhappy by the of her father .
James was also very angry .
He thought his daughter was being unfaithful to him .
The declaration was later extended to take out all Catholics .
Mary was unhappy by the happenings around the of her father .
James was also very angry and thought his daughter was unfaithful to him .
He was also greatly wounded at the start of the battle .
This stopped the only effective resistance to William .
He chose to do this by making the acts of Parliament no longer by Royal Decree .
This was quickly crushed .
He chose to do this by acts of Parliament by Royal Decree .
Several Protestant politicians and noblemen entered into with Mary 's husband as early as 1687 .
The was quickly crushed .
He became the ruler of both countries when she died in 1694 .
He became the one ruler of both countries when she died in 1694 .
Her childlessness was the greatest sorrow in Mary 's life .
Her energetic and friendly nature made her popular with the Dutch people .
Her childlessness would be the greatest reason for Mary 's sorrow in her life .
Her energetic and personable nature made her popular with the Dutch people .
He said that he only wanted to have a free and lawful Parliament .
Mary was sad because of the of her father .
They began much discussion about what they should do .
William wanted to remain King even after his wife 's death .
He said that his only purpose was to have a free and lawful Parliament .
Mary was unhappy by the of her father .
Much discussion about the right course of action began .
He won a victory at Killiecrankie on 27 July .
This stopped the only effective resistance to William .
This was quickly crushed .
She was their oldest daughter .
This was because he hoped that England would become friends with France .
He also wanted to have a Catholic successor to the throne .
She was very active in the Church of England .
She ruled it as its Supreme Governor .
She shared this position with her husband .
He also became James VII in Scotland .
He did this by making the acts of Parliament by Royal Decree .
The public did not like this .
The Declaration of Indulgence was a statement that gave religious freedom to those who did not agree with the Church of England .
This made him much less popular .
But Philip II was King only during his wife 's lifetime .
He also did not have much power .
He chose to do this by making the acts of Parliament no longer by Royal Decree .
This was not liked by the public .
Parliament saw that William would have no more children .
James also thought his daughter was unfaithful to him .
This hurt Mary deeply .
William and Mary were crowned together at Westminster Abbey on 11 April 1689 .
William and Mary were offered the separate Scottish Crown .
This was because the two kingdoms were not united until the Acts of Union in 1707 .
Mary was sad because of the of her father .
But Mary was faithful to her husband and refused .
He tried to run away again on 23 December .
Mesopotamia also was the place where the wheel was first used .
Later they kill the Bull of Heaven that the goddess Ishtar has sent to punish Gilgamesh for turning down her advances .
Mesopotamia also was the place who saw the birth of the wheel .
Later they kill the Bull of Heaven that the goddess Ishtar has sent to punish Gilgamesh for spurning her advances .
The movie by director Fran Rubel Kuzui was not well liked by critics and audiences .
Buffy the Vampire Slayer went on to become a huge hit with both critics and the audience .
This episode had the show 's cast singing and dancing .
It also got an Emmy Award nomination .
The show was on TV for five seasons on The WB Network before moving to UPN for its last two seasons .
The contract with Fox did not allow the series to be shown by another network .
The sales of the DVD were good enough to make sure the movie could be produced .
The contract with Fox did not let the series to be shown by another network .
The sales of the DVD were good enough to make sure the movie would be produced .
There is a strong theme that family is the group of people that a person lives their life with not the people that raised them as a child .
The Songhai Empire was also called Songhay and Songhae .
The songhai Empire was also called songhay and songhae .
If they catch the criminals alive then they get reward .
If the criminals died then cowboys gets nothing .
If they are had catched that criminals alive then they get reward .
If criminals were died then cowboys gets nothing .
Mosp people know that Australian Aborigines used boomerangs for hunting .
A boomerang is a flying tool .
Most people know that Australian Aborigines used boomerangs for hunting .
These days boomerangs are used for recreation .
Most of them do not have the classical shape of an L .
There are a lot of boomerang clubs in many countries all over the world .
These clubs organise workshops and tournaments .
Ornithomimus was a dinosaur that could run very fast .
Ornithomimus was a dinosaur that had the ability to run very fast .
The bible says In the land of Uz there lived a man whose name was Job .
The bible say 's In the land of Uz there lived a man whose name was Job .
The Hail Mary is used within Roman Catholicism as the basis of the Rosary .
This is evident from the commentary of Saint Thomas Aquinas on the prayer .
This was the normal greeting in the language in which Saint Luke 's Gospel is written and is still used in the same sense in Modern Greek .
The prayer is a part of the rosary .
Most of the text of the Hail Mary can be found within the Gospel of Luke .
This was the normal greeting in the language in which Saint Luke 's Gospel is written and continues to be used in the same sense in Modern Greek .
ELO became less popular during the 1980s .
Lynne now was recording their parts with synthesizers or session players .
ELO 's popularity grew smaller during the 1980s .
Lynne now was recording their parts with synthesisers or session players .
Roy Wood decided to leave ELO partway through the second album .
Roy Wood decided to leave ELO after the first album .
The Hamidian massacres took place around 1895 until 1897 .
The Hamidian massacre 's took place around 1895 until 1897 .
The Norns are deities in Norse mythology that governed fate .
The Norns are disir in Norse mythology that governed fate .
Monroe received positive reviews and the film earned more than double its production costs .
Monroe received positive reviews and the film grossed more than double its production costs .
How to Marry a Millionaire was a comedy about three models how made a plan to attract a husband who had a lot of money .
Monroe worked with Betty Grable and Lauren Bacall for the movie .
It was directed by Jean Negulesco .
Monroe 's films of this period established her dumb blonde persona and added to her popularity .
This list was created from the votes of people who showed movies throughout the United States for the actors that had made the most money in their theaters over the last year .
How to Marry a Millionaire was a comedy about three models scheming to attract a wealthy husband .
Monroe 's films of this period established her dumb blonde persona and contributed to her popularity .
They traveled to Japan soon after .
The couple combined a honeymoon with a business trip previously arranged by DiMaggio .
She later said that the experience had helped her get over a fear of performing in front of large crowds .
She then appeared in the musical There 's No Business Like Show Business .
The film did not make back its production costs and was poorly received .
Ed Sullivan described Monroe 's performance of the song Heat Wave as one of the most violations of good taste he had seen .
Bosley Crowther of The New York Times said that Mitzi Gaynor had passed Monroe 's embarrassing to behold performance .
Monroe then announced that they had separated .
She later commented that the experience had helped her overcome a fear of performing in front of large crowds .
The film failed to recover its production costs and was poorly received .
Ed Sullivan described Monroe 's performance of the song Heat Wave as one of the most flagrant violations of good taste he had witnessed .
She discovered that one of her biggest issues in her career was her severe stage fright .
She became friends with actors Kevin McCarthy and Eli Wallach who each she was sincere in her approach to her studies .
They noted that she tried to avoid attention by sitting quietly in the back of the class .
Strasberg was always on set during the filming of Monroe 's subsequent films .
Monroe sang and danced poorly on purpose to match the role .
Logan tried to get Monroe an Academy Award nomination and said good things about her professionalism until the end of his life .
She refused and called them as born cowards .
The crash killed his female passenger .
Monroe became very upset upon hearing the news .
During filming in England he did not like Monroe 's need for her drama coach .
He thought Strasberg was a fraud whose only talent was the ability to butter Marilyn up .
Logan championed Monroe for an Academy Award nomination and complimented her professionalism until the end of his life .
The filming went well until Miller was required to travel to Europe on business .
He later recalled that during this time she frequently complained of insomnia .
She told Greenson that she visited several medical doctors to obtain what Greenson considered a large variety of drugs .
He said that Miller appeared to genuinely care for Monroe and was willing to help her .
Monroe was often ill and unable to perform .
Friends such as Susan Strasberg later spoke of her illness .
Illness prevented her from working for the remainder of the year .
She underwent surgery to fix a blockage in her Fallopian tubes in May .
The following month underwent gall bladder surgery .
She was ill with a virus as filming began .
She suffered from high temperatures and sinusitis .
On one occasion she refused to perform with Martin as he had a cold .
Producer Henry Weinstein recalled seeing her on several occasions being physically ill as she prepared to film her scenes .
He thought it was her fear of performing .
Monroe returned to the set of Something 's Got to Give and filmed a scene in which she appeared nude in a swimming pool .
Monroe returned to the set of Something 's Got to Give and filmed a sequence in which she appeared nude in a swimming pool .
She gave an interview to Cosmopolitan and was photographed at Peter Lawford 's beach house drinking champagne and walking on the beach .
Filming of Something 's Got to Give was scheduled to begin again in early fall 1962 .
She gave an interview to Cosmopolitan and was photographed at Peter Lawford 's beach house sipping champagne and walking on the beach .
Elsie Poncher plans to take her husband 's body out of the crypt above and move him to an nearby plot .
Elsie Poncher plans to exhume her husband and move him to an adjacent plot .
City Court Judge Seymour Robinowitz married the couple in the law office of Sam Slavitt .
The wedding had been kept secret from both the press and the public .
Some 30 friends and relatives attended the party .
Some 30 friends and relatives attended the hastily arranged party .
Marilyn created chaos among the normally staid British press .
He writes that she called the White House often .
She fought against the British policy of taking kingdoms of rulers with no children to rule after them .
She fought against the British policy of taking kingdoms of rulers with no heir .
Type Main page to see everything .
He does it with the help of a cloak which lets him become .
He does it with the help of a cloak which lets him become invisible .
He was born at Bolingbroke Castle in Lincolnshire .
That is why he was often called Henry Bolingbroke .
Henry and Arundel returned to England while Richard was on a military campaign in Ireland .
Henry gained enough power and support to have himself declared King Henry IV .
It was the first time since the Norman Conquest in 1066 that the monarch made a public speech in English .
Scientists called Astrophysicists say our Sun is a yellow dwarf star in the middle of its life .
Scientists called Astrophysicists say our Sun to is a yellow dwarf star in the middle of its life .
These explosions give off a lot of energy .
Earth 's fate is still a bit of a mystery .
These explosions give off a lot energy .
Earth 's fate is still a little bit of confusion .
Scientists called astrophysicists say our Sun is a main sequence star in the middle of its life .
Previous calculations show that Earth could escape to a higher orbit .
But a newer study shows that Earth would possibly vanish itself .
This would happen while the sun continues to get bigger due to the tidal forces .
This is even though the sun is still in its main sequence stage .
But not like a supernova .
Eventually the sun will shrink into a white dwarf .
He was the King of England from 1413 to 1422 .
It is not known whether he was born on 9 August 1386 or 16 September 1387 .
He defeated the French at the famous Battle of Agincourt in 1415 .
His brother Mikey is the bass player for the band .
Gerard was first in a band when he was eleven .
Gerard attended the School of Visual Arts in New York City and graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 1999 .
He said that he was not allowed to play outside much when he was younger .
This led to his love for artwork .
Gerard hoped to one day be a comic book artist .
His brother Mikey is the bassist of the band .
He started to play in a band when he was eleven .
He attended the School of Visual Arts in New York City and graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1999 .
He said that he was never allowed to play outside much when he was younger .
This led to his later in life love for artwork .
Gerard aspired to be a comic book artist .
People usually think medical treatment helps sick people to get healthy .
Prophylactic treatment is helpful in a different way .
One example of a prophylactic treatment is a condom .
It is used to refer to any medical treatment that is being administered to prevent illness instead of cure it .
In Australia they eat lemon sauce with there dinner on special occasions !
An elevator is a machine that can move or things up and down .
An elevator is something that can move or things up and down .
It has more than seven million objects from all continents .
Its collections include more than seven million objects from all continents .
During his life he had collected a large amount of significant things from all around the world .
It gradually grew over the next two hundred years .
The museum has nearly six million visitors a year .
He sold his collection to the parliament of King George II .
The parliament set up the British Museum to hold the collection .
The collection was mostly books and manuscripts .
There were many important archaeological pieces included as well .
For this reason they were given the Rosetta Stone by King George III in 1802 .
The Rosetta Stone had previously been important to French historians trying understand the Hieroglyph language written by the Ancient Egyptians .
Many people disagreed with the way Elgin too them from Greece .
They compared his acts to looting and vandalism .
The collection was mostly books and manuscripts although there were many important archaeological pieces included as well .
In 1852 the British Museum 's famous round Reading Room was opened .
It had enough space to store over a million books on display .
The collection continued to get bigger and bigger .
Eventually the Natural History Museum was set up in 1887 to hold the natural parts of the Museum 's collection .
The Great Court has over 2 acres of space under its roof .
This makes it the largest covered public space in Europe .
Xylem vessels are a long straight chain made of long dead cells known as vessel elements .
The condition can have various causes .
The causes can be organic or functional .
Functional causes generally do not have a directly visible cause .
People may want to shield off a traumatic event they witnessed .
A Wrinkle in Time was made into a movie in 2003 .
A Wrinkle in Time was adapted into a movie .
MapleStory has 50 million users .
There are four job types in the game .
MapleStory has an open chat in which players can talk to each other in the vicinity .
There are a great number of stats in Maplestory .
They will be explained below .
Raised by filling up the exp bar .
It determines the amount of health you have .
Used to cast skills .
Used to level up .
Filled by killing monsters and completing quests .
Used to improve skills .
Raises Maximum Weapon Damage .
Stat for Warriors .
Raises Minimum Weapon Damage and increases accuracy .
Stat for Bowman .
Raises spell damage and spell effectiveness .
Stat for Magicians .
Raises avoidability .
Stat for Thiefs .
Weapon Def .
Magic Def .
Maple Story is also very hard to level up on .
This angers some users and is a cause for some cheating .
The challenge to level up does helps some people to continue playing because they like a challenge .
Many players also buy money from websites in which they are not supposed to .
It is the highest post office in Japan .
They are also known for their suicidal disposition .
The main subject of the seventh season of Stargate SG1 was the researching of the city of the Ancients .
The main subject of the seventh season of Stargate SG1 was the researching of the city of the Ancient .
You want simple ?
Code Lyoko is a French animated television series .
Code Lyoko is about five teenagers who are juggling with their normal school life and a virtual world called Lyoko .
He is also a computer genius .
She is a day student at Kadic .
She has a crush for Ulrich .
She often wears black clothes .
He wears purple clothes .
Contains a gallery of production artwork .
They can also store food for later .
They will also store food for later .
They grow and are born within a month .
The males do not help raise the babies .
The males do not help raise the babies .
He tried three times and failed .
If a Hinge is badly lubricated or not at all they may make a horrifyingly squeaking sound .
If a Hinge is badly lubricated or not at all they may make a squeaking horrifying sound .
Westerm civilization was defined by the Historian Arnold Toynbee as that part of the world in which those who practice the Christian religion are a majority .
Westerm civilization was defined by the Historian Arnold Toynbee as that part of the world primarily inhabited by those who practice the Christian religion .
Western civilization was defined by the Historian Arnold Toynbee as that part of the world in which those who practice the Christian religion are a majority .
Westerm civilization was defined by the Historian Arnold Toynbee as that part of the world in which those who practice the Christian religion are a majority .
The Free World is a term that was used during the era of the Cold War .
The President of the United States was often called the leader of the Free World .
This was very common especially in the United States itself .
Two dimensional objects do not have depth .
It grew up to 27 m long .
It had an 8 m long neck and 14 m long tail .
It had a short 6 ft long head .
Its size helped protect it from other dinosaurs .
It used its long neck to poke into forests because it 's body was too big .
It is also believed to have knocked the trees down .
Diplodocus skeletons are among the longest dinosaur skeletons ever found .
A complete tail has never been found .
Skeletons are among the longest dinosaur skeletons ever found .
Its Size helped protect them from other dinosaurs .
Its Long neck used to poke in to forests because it 's body was to big it would just knock the trees down .
Peer pressure is a force that happens within a group of people .
It often happens to children during puberty .
Peer pressure is a force that occurs within a group of people .
It commonly occurs to children during puberty .
Metallurgic processing is used to make or change iron or steel .
Metallurgic processing is used to make or transform iron or steel .
A MASER or Microwave Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiations can produce light and heat by using atoms to release energy .
A MASER or Microwave Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiations can produce light and heat by making the atoms in the maser let energy go .
They take the small vibrations in atoms and amplify them to release light and heat .
MTR is cheap .
The MTR started to be built after a government study in 1967 .
The Hong Kong government ordered the study to find answers to the growing traffic problem caused by the fast growth of Hong Kong 's economy .
The first line was opened in 1979 .
MTR is cheapy .
With the Octopus contactless smart card system is easy to use the MTR .
The Hong Kong Government orders the study in the 1960s to find solutions to the growing traffic problem caused by expansion of the colony 's economy .
The MTR started to be built after 1967 when the Hong Kong government made a study to find answers to the traffic problems caused by the fast growth of Hong Kong 's economy .
The MTR started to be built after a government study in 1967 .
The Hong Kong government ordered the study to find answers to the growing traffic problem caused by the fast growth of Hong Kong 's economy .
The MTR was started to be built after 1967 when the Hong Kong government made a study to find answers to the traffic problems caused by the fast growth of Hong Kong 's economy .
The MTR started to be built after 1967 when the Hong Kong government made a study to find answers to the traffic problems caused by the fast growth of Hong Kong 's economy .
It has also been suggested to improve parts of MTR that are running now .
Airport Station on the Airport Express will have a new platform to serve passengers flying out of Hong Kong International Airport 's Skyplaza .
This is being talked about now and the whole longer line should be finished and running by 2012 .
Provisions are made to upgrade the existing infrastructure of the MTR .
Airport Station on the Airport Express will have a new platform to serve departure passengers for Hong Kong International Airport 's Skyplaza .
Consultation is underway and the whole extension should be completed and operational by 2012 .
The price of using MTR is very low .
People can buy a one way ticket or a Octopus card to enter MTR .
MTR is very cheap .
He was the son of King Edward the Elder .
Athelstan 's reign is sometimes overlooked but it was of great importance to political developments in the 10th century .
His father had also been the King of Mercia .
When Edward died Athelstan quickly became King of Mercia but he was not immediately accepted as King of England .
This made it easier for Athelstan to become king .
Historical records indicate that the other rulers in Great Britain accepted him as king at Bamburgh around this time .
William of Malmesbury adds Owain of Strathclyde .
He ruled for 50 years .
He made England the strongest military power in Europe .
But during his reign there was the Black Death .
He made England the most efficient military power in Europe .
So quite a few historians see him as responsible for the beginning of the English nation .
When he was only seventeen years old he began his personal reign .
But during his reign there was as well the Black Death .
In his own time and for centuries after Edward III was praised a lot .
It is also known as Georgia Tech .
It is commonly known as Georgia Tech .
Toasted bread is both darker color and crunchier than normal bread .
Toast is bread which has been grilled .
Toast is often eaten with butter or jam spread on the surface .
Toasted bread is both darker in color and crunchier than normal bread .
Toasted bread is both darker color and crunchier than normal bread .
Henry was the only child of King Henry V of England and was his .
Henry agreed to send people to talk with King Charles .
Henry was the only child of King Henry V of England and was his heir .
Henry agreed sent people to talk with King Charles .
They are worn either as outer garment or as underwear .
Swimming trunks are a pair of shorts or briefs worn for swimming or bathing .
Swimming trunks means a pair of shorts or briefs worn for swimming or bathing .
This is the speed limit .
It can reduce the emission of carbon dioxide compared to some other methods of generating power .
Critics claim that using nuclear power can be a dangerous source of energy .
They also question whether the risks can be reduced by using better technology .
Critics also point to the problem that radioactive waste has to be stored for a very long time .
Storing such waste may lead to radioactive contamination in the area where it is stored .
Nuclear power is a renewable energy source .
It can reduce the emission of carbon dioxide compared to other methods of generating power .
Nuclear power is the controlled use of nuclear energy .
Nuclear energy can be freed by nuclear reactions .
Nuclear power is the controlled use of nuclear reactions to make energy .
A ceiling is an overhead interior surface of a room that conceals the underside of the floor or roof structure above .
A ceiling is an overhead interior surface that bounds the upper limit of a room .
How risky is the asset ?
What cash flows will it produce ?
How does the market price compare to similar assets ?
Are the cash flows dependent on some other asset or event ?
The resulting hypotheses were an important impetus to the study of the geographical distribution of plants and animals .
They indirectly helped the development of biogeography in the 18th century .
One important theory said that the biblical Ararat was striped with different climatic zones .
Eventually they spread to repopulate the globe .
Nothing has been found that could seem to show that the ark rested on Mount Ararat .
All findings were quickly shown as being fake .
How can there have been two of them ?
It would have had about the same tonnage as the Titanic .
Nothing has been found that could point to the ark resting on Mount Ararat .
All findings were quickly identified as being fake .
The Phenix is unique .
How can it be considered a pair ?
The division Coniferae contains about 700 living species .
The division contains approximately 700 living species .
These things can be real or imaginary .
CPR is normally started on a person that is not breathing and is unconscious .
It is continued until the heart can be restarted or the cause is diagnosed .
The official review on the iTunes Store for their first album goes as far as saying that Korn hate the term .
Their first album was first sold in 1994 and also called KoRn .
The official review on the iTunes Store for their first album goes as far as saying that Korn disdain the term .
People often say they created the nu metal genre .
It happens because the plant needs to open its pores in order to obtain carbon dioxide gas from the air for photosynthesis .
It happens because the plant needs to open its stomates in order to obtain carbon dioxide gas from the air for photosynthesis .
Air containing carbon dioxide and oxygen enters the plant through these openings where it is used in photosynthesis and respiration .
Waste oxygen produced by photosynthesis exits through these same openings .
The pore is formed by a pair of specialized parenchyma cells known as guard cells which are responsible for regulating the size of the opening .
Air containing carbon dioxide and oxygen enters the plant through these openings where it gets used in photosynthesis and respiration .
The puzzle is based on the game show Lets make a deal hosted by Monty Hall .
The puzzle is based on America 's game show .
The name comes from the show Lets make a deal hosted by Monty Hall .
It is a genus of protozoa that moves by means of temporary projections called pseudopods .
The amoeba was first discovered by Kara Flanagan in the late 1800 's .
But they are common objects of study because it is easy to keep them in a laboratory .
They are used to study protozoa and to demonstrate cell structure and function .
Amoeboids are organisms that move by crawling .
Early naturalists referred to Amoeba as the Proteus animalcule after the Greek god Proteus who could change his shape .
Its most recognizable features include one or more nuclei and a simple contractile vacuole to maintain osmotic equilibrium .
Food enveloped by the amoeba is stored and digested in vacuoles .
Amoebas also have no definite shape .
The amoeba is remarkable for its very large genome .
The cell remains in this state until it encounters more favourable conditions .
While in cyst form the amoeba will not replicate and may die if unable to emerge for a lengthy period of time .
The word laboratory is also used for other places where the work done or used are like those in scientific laboratories .
The title of laboratory is also used for other facilities where the or used are similar to those in scientific laboratories .
That seemed fair as Edward was thought to be a good Christian and it was thought that the murderers were irreligious men .
King Edward was said to be a young man of great devotion and excellent conduct .
On King Edward 's accession to the throne there was a great famine in the land and violent attacks were stirred up against monasteries by a prominent noblemen who wanted the lands which his father King Edgar had endowed to them .
But the King stood firm together with archbishop Dunstan to defend the Church and the monasteries .
He arrived alone at the castle .
On King Edward 's accession to the throne a great famine was raging through the land and violent attacks were stirred up against monasteries by a prominent noblemen who coveted the lands which his father King Edgar had endowed to them .
The King however stood firm together with archbishop Dunstan in defense of the Church and the monasteries .
The Orders in Council against trade which Perceval had written in 1807 became unpopular .
In the winter of 1811 the Luddite riots started .
In the lobby of the House of Commons he was was shot through the heart John Bellingham .
Bellingham gave himself up straight away .
The Orders in Council against trade which Perceval had written in 1807 became unpopular in the winter of 1811 with Luddite riots breaking out .
Bellingham gave himself up strate away .
The word canon can have several different meanings .
A pillar is a synonym for column which is a vertical support structure in architecture .
They made filler episodes that ended in early 2007 .
They made filler episodes which ended in early 2007 .
He was born in Hungary because his father was in exile there .
He was born in Hungary because his father was in exile there at the time .
The person then makes some theories .
The way as this studies are guided is by making theories .
In mathematics a geodesic is the shortest distance between two places on a curved surface .
On the flat surface there are only one such path between any two points .
These paths also called great circles .
In the plane there are only one such path among any two points .
He was foreign minister of South Korea from 1967 to 1971 and prime minister from 1975 to 1979 .
He served as foreign minister of South Korea from 1967 to 1971 and as prime minister from 1975 to 1979 .
The real contest was in the race for vice president .
This was held separately under the law of the time .
This created anger among groups of the Korean people .
This was to rescue him from the angry crowds .
His son became a famous college professor and called his son Young Rhee .
Young Ree later became a very famous architect and civil engineer .
He later became a very famous architect and civil engineer .
His body was returned to Seoul and buried in the National Cemetery on July 27 of the same year .
He was arrested in 1897 for demonstrating against the monarchy .
After he was released in 1904 he went to the United States .
This was actually a hidden drive to remove all possible opposition .
Rhee made himself unpopular by telling the people in Seoul to stay in the city when the Korean War started .
He had already left .
His decision to cut the bridges on the Han River stopped thousands of people from escaping from the Communists .
The UN and South Korean forces fought back and drove the North Koreans north towards the Yalu River .
After a Chinese counterattack they UN and South Korean were pushed back to the current DMZ .
Rhee became unpopular with his allies for refusing to agree to a number of ceasefire proposals that would have left Korea divided .
He tried to veto any peace plan that would not remove the northern government completely .
He also argued for stronger action to be used against China .
He was annoyed because the US would not bomb China .
This was an ideas the same as today 's exclusive economic zones .
This led to protests from the Japanese government .
They claimed that the islets should be Japanese territory .
So he could get this passed by parliament he declared martial law .
He jailed the members of parliament he thought would vote against it .
Rhee was subsequently elected by big majority .
He regained control of parliament in the 1954 elections .
Rhee 's chances for reelection during the presidential campaign of 1956 seemed small .
People did n't think he should be allowed to be President three times .
His decision to cut the bridges on the Han River prevented thousands of citizens from escaping Communist rule .
Rhee was subsequently elected by a wide margin .
Rhee 's prospects for reelection during the presidential campaign of 1956 initially seemed dim .
This was actually a hidden plan to remove all possible opposition to him .
Rhee became unpopular with the US and the UN for refusing to agree to a number of peace plans that would have left Korea divided .
He tried to stop any peace plan that would not remove the northern government completely .
He also argued for stronger military action to be used against China .
This was an idea the same as today 's exclusive economic zones .
They claimed that the islands were Japanese territory .
This was actually a hidden drive to remove all possible opposition .
Rhee became unpopular with his allies for refusing to agree to a number of ceasefire proposals that would have left Korea divided .
He tried to veto any peace plan that would not remove the northern government completely .
He also argued for stronger action to be used against China .
This was an ideas the same as today 's exclusive economic zones .
They claimed that the islets should be Japanese territory .
In 1998 the band recorded a demo tape on Compact Cassette which they sent to record companies in hope of getting a signed .
These demo tapes have become collection items among fans and are the only recordings known with the original bassist Richard Twitch Roy .
The first video was put together using the video clips sent to the record label and the second showed the band performing at a house party .
All Killer No Filler and Does This Look Infected ?
They took the last week of the tour off due to the September 11 terrorist attacks .
They later rescheduled the canceled shows .
Everyone dove and was lying on the ground .
A documentary of their trip was made into a film called ' and later aired on MTV .
It was only released in Japan .
Baksh cited creative differences as the reason for his departure but claimed that he was still friends with the band .
Sum 41 recently released a press release denying rumors that Lavigne and Whibley were splitting up .
Some people were upset over some of the videos ' violent content .
Shortly after touring for Does This Look Infected ?
They talked about Slash 's experiences while in Guns N ' Roses and his part in Velvet Revolver .
The interview was part of a MySpace project and was posted on the site in three parts .
They were nominated for Best Group in the Juno Awards of 2002 but again lost to Nickelback .
They also have been nominated for three different Canadian Independent Music Awards .
They were also nominated for a Kerrang !
Award in 2003 for Best Live Act .
Canonisation means saying that someone is a saint .
This process is used by some Christian churches .
Canonisation means declaring someone to be a saint .
This process is used by certain Christian churches and is possible only for deceased men or women .
He has translated the Bhagavad Gita into English in 1988 from the Sanskrit text .
He has translated the Bhagavad Gita into English in 1988 from the original Sanskrit texts and the book is currently in its fourth edition .
Anthropologist have found mummies with corns and lucumas seeds .
Antropoligist found momys with corns and lucumas seeds .
Existentialism says existence precedes essence .
Sartre reverses this statement .
But the reversal of a metaphysical statement remains a metaphysical statement .
Kinship relationships can also be made through marriage .
A firework is a explosive pyrotechnic device that is used mostly for entertainment .
Displays are common throughout the world and are a main point of many different cultural and religious celebrations .
The Forth of July and New Year 's Eve are examples .
A firework is a low explosive pyrotechnic device that is used primarily for aesthetic and entertainment purposes .
Displays are common throughout the world and are the focal point of many different cultural and religious celebrations .
They are created because of past transactions or events and they may help in obtaining future economic benefits .
The transaction or event which created the asset has already occurred .
The SPD lost a lot of members .
Now there is a lot discussion in the SPD about new social balance policies .
So the SPD lost a lot of members .
Currently there are great discussion in the SPD .
Marketing is the method to get as many as possible .
Marketing is the method to generate as much profit as possible .
Publishing is making information available for public view .
It means as well the company that makes and sells literature or information .
Publishing is the the activity of making information available for public view .
It means as well the industry that produces and sells literature or information .
They want to have more people employed in by government bodies instead of having private companies doing jobs for the government .
They also want higher taxes the rich and those who make money from the capital marked instead of work .
They are against study fees and want to have only a Comprehensive school gesamtschule instead of two or three different types of further school in most German states .
They are still talking about allowing German soldiers to be in the peace keeping missions of the United Nations .
So the working markets policy of them wants to have more people employed by public program and more taxes for winners of capital marked instead on work .
They are against study fees and want to have only a Comprehensive school instaed of two or three different types of further school in most German states .
Some discussions are on the possibility of peace keeping missions of the United Nations .
The first laptop was probably invented in 1969 by Bill Moggridge .
The first laptop was probably invented in 1969 by .
First chiefs of the party were Herbert Gruhl and Petra Kelly .
First chiefs of the party wereHerbert Gruhl and Petra Kelly .
An employee is a term for workers and managers working for a company or an organization .
These people are the staff of the organization .
Generally speaking any person hired by an employer to do a particular job is an employee .
In most modern economies the word employee means a person who works for a corporation .
The relationship between employer and employee is different from that between the firm and a or client .
An employee usually gets the job after having an interview .
An employee is a term for all sorts of workers and managers working for a company or an organization .
Generally spoken any person hired by an employer to do a specific job is an employee .
Most individuals attain the status of employee after a thorough process of interviews with several departments within a company .
The amp is an standard unit .
Electric current is the rate of change or displacement of electric charge .
One amp is the rate of one coulomb per second .
The amp is defined by two wires that go in the same direction as each other .
The ampere is an SI base unit .
Electric current is the time rate of change or displacement of electric charge .
One ampere represents the rate of one coulomb of charge per second .
In the SI the ampere is defined first .
The ampere is defined by picturing two wires .
These wires go in the same direction as each other .
The amp is defined using two parallel wires placed one metre apart in a vacuum .
The wires are very long and very thin .
The amp is an standard unit .
Electric current is the rate of change or displacement of electric charge .
One amp is the rate of one coulomb per second .
The amp is defined by two wires that go in the same direction as each other .
They are placed one metre apart in a vacuum .
They are infinitely long and very thin .
A legal entity is not always something else than the natural persons of which it is composed as one can see with a company or corporation .
Sometimes one also speaks of corporate personhood or legal personality .
A legal entity is not necessarily distinct from the natural persons of which it is composed .
A legal entity that does have a separate existence from its members is called a company or corporation .
This distinction gives the corporation its unique perpetual succession privilege and is usually also the source of the limited liability of corporate members .
Some of these examples may overlap in some countries .
An officer of arms is someone who is chosen by a sovereign or state to do some important jobs .
An officer of arms is a person picked by a sovereign or state with authority to perform certain important functions .
The common law is a kind of legal system .
A precedent is something that another court has done in the past .
This means that no legislation helps decide the case .
The words common law also sometimes mean the system of law that existed in England in the 1700s and 1800s .
One was called equity and one was called common law .
The common law forms a major part of the law of those countries of the world with a history as British territories or colonies .
There are three important connotations to the term .
Many important areas of law are governed primarily by common law .
It is supported by sponsors in the community and Canada 's Canadian Forces funded by the Department of National Defence .
It is supported by sponsors in the community and Canada 's Department of National Defence .
They are in the nose .
These an be found near the nostrils .
They also draw liquid mucus up from the epithelium by capillary action .
The evaporation of trapped moisture on the hairs humidifies the inhaled air .
Smoking is widely held to interfere with cilia function .
It may even destroy the cells .
Some cultures consider nose hair coming out from the nostrils to be unattractive .
The hairs trap moisture as air is breathed out .
The evaporation of trapped moisture on the hairs increases the humidity of air as it is breathed in .
This movement pushes mucus back in towards the oropharynx where it can be either swallowed or ejected .
Smoking is believed to upset the way the cilia work .
Some cultures consider nose hair coming out from the nostrils to be ugly .
There is evidence that the movement in the ciliar slows down with age .
This may be the reason that old people have more respiratory infections .
They keep dust and dirt out of the nasal passages .
They trap humidity when air is exhaled .
The evaporation of trapped moisture on the hairs humidifies the inhaled air .
Smoking is widely held to interfere with cilia function .
Some cultures consider nose hair coming out from the nostrils to be unattractive .
Beetles eat many different things .
Some beetles eat living plants .
Some beetles can eat both plants and animals .
There are also beetles that are very specific in what they eat .
These beetles can only eat one kind of plant or one kind of other insect .
Crane flies are a type of fly in the family Tipulidae .
They are insects .
Crane flies look like big mosquitoes .
People in different places call crane flies different things .
Most of these names are only used by people in small areas .
They resemble giant mosquitoes .
People in different places call crane flies different names .
People in different places call crane flies different things .
Adult crane flies are long and thin .
Crane flies that live in temperate places range up to 60 mm in size .
Females have larger abdomens in comparison to the males .
Crane flies can not sting .
It is very easy to accidentally break off their delicate legs when catching crane flies .
This may help them to escape from birds who try to eat them .
The wings are often held out from the body when the crane fly is not moving .
They will sometimes wobble when flying .
Larvae of crane flies are divided into segments .
They have a distinct head capsule on the front .
This may help them to evade the birds who pursue them as prey .
The long legs are an adaptation to allow the fly to land in grassy places .
Adult mouthparts may occur on the end of a snout or short rostrum .
They also do not eat mosquitoes .
Leatherjackets can sometimes cause damage to plants .
Therefore the crane fly is occasionally considered a mild turf pest in some areas .
Some leatherjackets are aquatic .
It is very easy to accidentally break off their delicate legs when catching crane flies .
This may help them to escape from birds who try to eat them .
Many birds eat crane flies .
Crane flies that live in temperate places range up to 60 mm in size .
It is very easy to accidentally break off their delicate legs when catching crane flies .
This may help them to escape from birds who try to eat them .
They are the food source of many birds .
Most of these were ordinary citizens or civilians working in the small shops set up near the bank .
Most of these were bystanders or civilians manning small shops set up near the bank .
The reason is that one wants to profit from the changes of market prices .
One tries to buy the goods when they are cheap and to sell them when they are expensive .
There is a good chance to do that as long as the market price of a good changes often in different directions .
Speculation is one of the market roles in western financial markets .
Speculators have no intention to keep an asset for a long time .
It is opposed to buying it for use or for income via methods such as dividends or interest .
Speculators in an asset have no intention to have long term exposure to the asset .
Speculation has a special meaning when talking about money .
The person who speculates is called a speculator .
The reason is that he wants to profit from the changes of market prices .
Speculators do not plan to keep an asset for a long time .
The reason is that one wants to profit from the changes of market prices .
Speculators have no intention to keep an asset for a long time .
The Bretton Woods system was the first system used to control the value of money between different countries .
It set out the rules for commercial and financial relations among the world 's major industrial states .
Plans to rebuild the international economic system after the end ofWorld War II started before the war ended .
These organizations became active in 1946 after a enough countries had ratified the agreement .
It established the rules for commercial and financial relations among the world 's major industrial states .
These organizations became active in 1946 after a sufficient number of countries had ratified the agreement .
It is not as cool as northwest .
The wind just does n't blow that way .
Yorkshire is a historic county in Northern England encompassing a large area of the Pennines .
Yorkshire is a historic county in England .
It covers a large area of the Pennines .
They have brown .
Thee leaves have 9 or 10 pairs of veins .
Eventually they begin bearing fruit .
They have brown bark .
Cookies may be used like chocolate and candy as an reward when children do good deeds .
So a cake made with butter or eggs instead of water is more when cooked .
Hard wafers have been made for as long as baking .
Cookies that are bought from the supermarket have a very large amount of fat and sugar .
Thus a cake made with butter or eggs instead of water is far denser after removal from the oven .
Encephalopathy means disease of the brain .
Encephalopathy is a word .
It means disease of the brain .
Guru Nanak DevNanak may be referred to by many names and titles such as Baba Nanak or Nanak Shah .
The Sea of Japan is a sea in the western Pacific Ocean .
But the benefits which humans have from nature are many .
She was from Poland but lived in France .
She lived there until she was 24 .
She also did her important scientific work .
She has many achievements .
It was also under her own direction that the world 's first studies were used into the treatment of cancers .
These treatments used the radioactive isotopes .
She has gone many great things .
She has many achievements .
Curie did many great things .
She has done many great things .
Biodiversity or biological diversity is the variation of different life forms within a given ecosystem or for the entire Earth .
Biodiversity is often a measure of the health of biological systems to indicate if there could be a danger that species get extinct .
Biodiversity or biological diversity is a variety of different life forms within a ecosystem or Earth .
Biodiversity is a measure of health in biological systems to indicate that there could be a danger that species get extinct .
He was most famous in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
The other two were hit singles .
George Harrison played on Day After Day .
Two compact discs of Ham 's song demos were issued in the late 1990s .
He formed a local rock group called The Panthers in 1961 .
This group became The Iveys in 1965 .
Pete Ham especially took to songwriting and Ray Davies of The Kinks took initial interest in producing his group .
Ham 's hard work paid off eventually as his song No Matter What became another worldwide Top Ten hit record in late 1970 .
Ham was also used as a musician on Beatles solo records such as the All Things Must Pass LP by George Harrison and the single It Do n't Come Easy by Ringo Starr .
Ham 's group Badfinger did not have much success from 1973 to 1975 on the record label Warner Brothers Records .
Four of his songs remain classic rock standards to this day .
Four of his songs remain classic rock standards to this day .
Two compact discs of Ham 's song demos were issued in the late 1990s .
It is a part of the Richemont group since 1996 .
Vacheron Constantin opened 15 boutiques and 500 shops in 80 countries of the world .
He controlled the company 's exports of watches to France and Italy .
In 1819 Francois Constantinin became the partner of Vacheron .
Francois Constantin traveled a lot and opened new markets for the company .
The main market was North America .
He headed the manufacturing process .
Leschot 's inventions brought great success to the company and watchmaking in general .
Charles Constantin headed the company in 1936 .
He led it through the Great Depression period .
The history of Vacheron Constantin saw a lot of innovations .
The watch named Kallista had 118 diamonds .
It belongs to the Richemont group since 1996 .
Vacheron Constantin opened 15 boutiques and built 500 sale points network in 80 countries of the world .
In 1770 the company developed the first complication .
He organized the company 's watch exports to France and Italy .
In 1819 Francois Constantin became the partner of Vacheron .
He took the lead of the manufacturing process .
Leschot 's inventions brought success to the company and benefited watchmaking in general .
Charles Constantin headed the company in 1936 and led it through the Great Depression period .
The history of Vacheron Constantin saw numerous innovations .
The watch consisted of 834 parts and 16 complications .
This material is tough and stable .
Polycarbonate weights six times less than glass .
The main advantages of polycarbonate are high strength and light weight .
Industries use clear polycarbonate to make eyeglasses .
This is because it has a very good transparency and durability .
Lenses made from clear polycarbonate can be thinner than lenses made from ordinary glass .
It is tough and stable .
It has also a low level of water absorption .
Machine Grade is a type of polycarbonate that is stress free .
This feature suits the most demanding machining .
Machine Grade polycarbonate is ideal for tough use at very high and low temperatures .
Window Grade is a polycarbonate that is resistant to repeated blows and shattering .
The biggest reason for a landslide is always that there is a slope and material goes down the slope because of gravity .
The primary reason for a landslide is always that there is a slope and material goes downwards because of gravity .
It was named for the Americas like europium was named for europe .
It was named for the Americas like with europium was named for europe .
Vulnerability means the extent to which changes can hurt or harm a system .
Vulnerability means the extent to which changes can harm a system .
Vulnerability means the extent to which changes can hurt or harm a person or a system .
Vulnerability means the extent to which changes can hurt or harm a system .
TFT images are as sharp as the images from the older CRT displays .
Images produced by displays using this concept are as sharp as the images from the older CRT displays .
Darkness is the absence of light .
Darkness is the opposite of light .
He was signed by the Cowboys as an undrafted free agent in 2003 .
He played college football at Eastern Illinois .
He is descendent of Mexico .
It began with the execution of Charles I in 1649 and ended when Charles II became king after Oliver Cromwell died in 1660 .
It began with the execution of Charles I in 1649 and ended with the restoration of Charles II in 1660 .
Julius Caesar visited southern England in 55 and 54 BC and wrote in De Bello Gallico that the population of southern England was extremely large and had much in common with the other barbarian tribes on the continent .
Coins and the work of later Roman historians have given us the names of some of the rulers of the many tribes and their activities .
But few historical sources describe Roman England .
Julius Caesar visited southern England in 55 and 54 BC and wrote in De Bello Gallico that the population of southern England was extremely large and shared much in common with the other barbarian tribes on the continent .
Coins and the work of later Roman historians have provided the names of some of the rulers of the disparate tribes and their activities in what was to become England .
Surprisingly few historical sources describe Roman England .
This article is about that territory .
There are not many sources describe Roman England .
This article concerns that territory .
But few historical sources describe Roman England .
It is thought to be unlikely that such a large population was all together killed or displaced between the fifth and sixth centuries .
Disease epidemics very much could have reduced the population of Britain .
It is considered unlikely that such a large population was significantly killed or displaced between the fifth and sixth centuries .
Epidemics could certainly have reduced the population of Britain .
It is thought to be unlikely that such a large population was all together killed or displaced between the 5th century and sixth century .
It is thought to be unlikely that such a large population was all together killed or displaced between the fifth and sixth centuries .
American soldiers fighting in Vietnam usually just called the NLF Charlie .
The second amendment that was omitted was eventually added to the Constitution in 1992 .
This means that people can complain about things they do not like to the government .
The second one was eventually added to the Constiution in 1992 .
This means that people can complain about things they do n't like to the government .
A malignant tumor is a tumor that is able to invade nearby tissues and spread to tissues that are not nearby .
The term malignant is typically applied to neoplasms that show aggressive behavior characterized by local invasion or distant metastasis .
Not all patients diagnosed with malignant tumors die because of the improved treatments available .
The term malignant is typically applied to neoplasms that show aggressive behavior characterised by local invasion or distant metastasis .
EU citizens elect its members once every five years .
It can not start new laws because this is the job of the European Commission .
The European Parliament has limited legislative power .
The Council of the European Union is one of the three organizations that manage the European Union .
Its members are the government ministers of the member countries who are responsible for the law that is being discussed .
But the Finance Ministers meet anyway because sometimes they can help each other catch people who do not want to pay tax .
They meet more often than just twice a year .
The other two are the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union .
The band pioneered a grandly theatrical and violent brand of heavy metal .
Alice Cooper was originally a band name with frontman Vincent Furnier portraying the lead persona .
The original Alice Cooper band broke into the international music mainstream with their 1971 hit I 'm Eighteen followed by the 1972 hit School 's Out .
The band reached their commercial peak with the 1973 album Billion Dollar Babies .
The band was one of the creators of a very theatrical and type of heavy metal music that was designed to shock and would come to be known as shock rock .
Over the years Cooper has played many different musical styles .
The band was one of the creators of a very theatrical and brand of rock music that was designed to shock .
It has about 195 000 inhabitants and an area about 109 km .
It has about 195 000 inhabitants and 109 km .
The vocals are usually loud shouts and screams while the drums play fast and loud .
In some cases they use a bell .
Guayana Esequiba is the name that Venezuela calls a region that it claims in Guyana .
Britain and Venezuela argued over the boundary between British Guiana and Venezuela for much of the 19th century .
This would have given the Barima District to Venezuela .
Britain and Venezuela accepted the decision of the Tribunal in 1899 .
There are still diplomatic contacts between the two countries and the Secretary General 's representative .
Guayana Esequiba is a territory of Guyana claimed by Venezuela .
Guayana Esequiba is the name that Venezuela calls a region that it claims in the west of Guyana .
Guayana Esequiba is the name that Venezuela calls a region that it claims in Guyana .
Here ends the Tour de France .
The visa holder needs to go through an interview held at embassy .
A visa is a document that is stamped on a person 's passport by an embassy .
It names the kind of visit and says how long the person can stay .
Even having a visa does not guarantee that somebody can enter ah ost country .
A visa is a permit given by a country that allows someone to go to that country .
A visa is a document that is stamped on the passport by an embassy .
It says the kind of visit and how long the person can stay .
Even having a visa does not guarantee entry to the host country .
Normally visas are valid for entry only into the country which issued the visa .
He was seen by Armenian people as a national hero .
He was seen by many people as a national hero .
Ancient Angeln preceded all modern national distinctions and was probably not coterminous with the modern .
The Frisians were able to make a treaty with the Romans at the River Rhine in AD 28 .
The Frisii were known and respected by the Romans and written about by several writers .
The Frisians were able to form a treaty with the Romans at the River Rhine in 28 .
The Frisii were known and respected by the Romans and written about by several sources .
Vampire bats feed on the blood of mammals .
Modern Talking was a German dance pop duo consisting of Thomas Anders and Dieter Bohlen .
Modern Talking 's first period of activity was from 1984 to 1987 .
Modern Talking was a German singing discofox band .
That album sold 10 million copies worldwide .
They separated again in 2003 and performed separately .
Their music was often classified as Europop .
Katana is a Japanese long sword used mainly by samurai warriors .
Today katanas are mainly made of stainless steel of different quality .
Katana was very important in Japanese society .
This sword was thought to be the soul of its master .
The most appreciated technique of handling a katana is a school called Nitto Ryu .
The most famous samurai who improved this art was Miyamoto Musashi .
This depended mainly on the length of the hilt .
This sword was considered the soul of its master .
Most appreciated technique of handling a katana is a school called Nitto Ryu .
Lorre went to England to be safe from the Nazis .
Lorre got work as an actor in a movie by Alfred Hitchcock called The Man Who Knew Too Much .
In England he got work as an actor in a movie by Alfred Hitchcock called The Man Who Knew Too Much .
They had extensive oversee trade contacts with the Roman empire .
These three dynasties were in constant struggle with each other as they wanted hegemony over the land .
Invasion by the Kalabhras during the third century disturbed the traditional order of the land by displacing the three traditional ruling dynasties .
The region of Tamil Nadu has been under continuous human habitation since prehistoric times and the history of Tamil Nadu and the civilisation of the Tamil people are among the oldest in the world .
They had extensive maritime trade contacts with the Roman empire .
These three dynasties were in constant struggle with each other vying for hegemony over the land .
Invasion by the Kalabhras during the third century disturbed the traditional order of the land by displacing the three ruling dynasties .
At its height the Chola empire had spread from Bengal in the northeast to Sri Lanka in the south .
P ock is a city in in Eastern Poland in the Masovia Voivodship .
P ock is a city in nestled in Eastern Poland in the Masovia Voivodship .
De jure he was President of Cuba from 1940 to 1944 .
In 1940 he won the election .
He then became the country 's leader from 1952 to 1959 .
In 1952 he did a coup .
The opposition included the entire coalition that had overthrown Machado .
This is known as the Cuban Revolution .
He then became the country 's leader from 1952 to 1959 after starting a coup .
This became known as the Diary of Friedrich Kellner .
The diary has 10 volumes with a total of 861 pages .
Most Germans after the war said that they knew nothing about the Holocaust .
And he was the author of a diary in the time of the Nazi period in Germany .
During the Third Reich he wrote his diary in secret .
The diary consists of 10 volumes with a total of 861 pages .
One of the earliest musicians who played rockabilly music was Elvis Presley .
Gene Vincent was a rockabilly musician who wore black leather and sang songs about sex and getting into trouble .
One of the earliest musicians who played Rockabilly music was Elvis Presley .
Gene Vincent was a Rockabilly musician who wore black leather and sang songs about sex and getting into trouble .
The dynasty came from the fertile valley of the Kaveri River .
The dynasty originated in the fertile valley of the Kaveri River .
Also steroids are injected into the veins by means of a needle .
The word is normally used for kings and queens who decide to give up their position .
King Edward VIII of the United Kingdom is an example of a king who abdicated .
The term commonly applies to monarchs .
It is currently owned by Google .
YouTube was created in February 2005 by three former employees of PayPal .
Warner Music Group and EMI have confirmed that they are among the companies in talks to implement this plan .
The video was first mentioned on Turkish CNN and the Istanbul public prosecutor sued YouTube for insulting Turkishness .
The court suspended access to YouTube while waiting for the removal of the video .
The ban was strongly criticized as censorship in the press and by the general public .
YouTube lawyers sent documentary of removal to public prosecutor and access was restored on March 9 2007 .
Many bloggers believed the reason YouTube was blocked was because of a video of the former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra 's speech on CNN .
YouTube was accessible from March 10 .
The government said it was because of a video on the site that it said was insulting to King Bhumibol Adulyadej .
Soon after this incident the internet technology blog Mashable was banned from Thailand over the reporting of the YouTube clips in question .
The lawsuit says that YouTube has to be blocked in Brazil until all copies of the video are removed .
There were no reasons given why Youtube was blocked .
Users may view videos on the site but can not download them .
It is currently owned by Google started by two teens .
It is not impossible for a person to die from an overdose of hashish .
Steinbeck used naturalism in his books .
His characters and stories came from real events from the early 20th century .
Seventeen of his works were made into Hollywood films .
Steinbeck was known for his use of naturalism in his books .
His characters and stories came from real historical events that occurred in the early 20th century .
They share many common linguistic features .
The Diary of Friedrich Keller is a journal written during the Second World War .
He was also a political activist for the Social Democratic Party of Germany between 1918 and 1933 .
He wrote it so that people later would know about it .
Friedrich Keller wrote the diary to expose the crimes of the Third Reich .
He believed his diary could serve as a warning for future generations to oppose dictatorships and their totalitarian ideology .
He was a justice inspector in the courthouse in Mainz .
He believed his diary could serve as a warning for future generations to oppose dictatorships and their totalitarian ideology .
Members of a senate are called senators .
A senate can be called a House of Senators .
The other house of such legislatures is called a House of Representatives .
His mother played the piano reasonably well in her son 's opinion .
His first major commission was the opera The Love for Three Oranges for the Chicago Lyric Opera .
He soon traveled to Paris to see Diagalev again whom he had met earlier in London .
Composers were expected to write music which would make ordinary people happy and make them feel proud of their country and of the communist revolution .
Any music that did not do this was called decadent or formalist .
Many artists where punished for creating works that did not do what the socialist politicians expected of them .
He tried to make the soviet authorities pleased by writing a safe opera called I am the Son of the Working People but the politicians stopped it during its early auditions .
His opera War and Peace was not allowed to be performed because it was neither lyrical nor patriotic enough .
The works he wrote in his last years were mostly ones which the politicians officially approved .
His mother played the piano passably in her son 's opinion .
His first major commission was the opera The Love for Three Oranges for the Chicago Lyic Opera .
He soon traveled to Paris to reunite himself with Diagalev whom he had met earlier in London .
Composers were encouraged to write music which would uplift the masses and instill in them a sense of patriotism and a belief in the goals of the communist revolution .
Any music that did not serve these ends was called decadent or formalist .
Many artists where punished for creating works that did not follow the socialist line .
He tried to satisfy the soviet authorities by writing a safe opera called I am the Son of the Working People but it was rejected during its early auditions with the country 's higher musical authorities .
His opera War and Peace was not allowed to be performed because it was neither lyrical or patriotic enough .
The works he wrote in his last years were mostly ones which had been officially sanctioned .
They could be carried to concerts .
Then they could be carried from one concert to the next .
Many nice synths are still being made in Germany .
The word evangelicalism mostly means religious practices and traditions which are found in conservative Protestant Christianity .
The word evangelicalism usually refers to religious practices and traditions which are found in conservative Protestant Christianity .
The closest relatives of clawed lobsters are the reef lobster Enoplometopus and the three groups of freshwater crayfish .
Smaller kinds are sometimes called lobsterettes .
This is called moulting .
It leaves them weak and easy to attack during this time .
They generally live alone in cracks or in burrows under rocks .
The abdomen of the lobster includes swimming legs and a tail fan .
A speed of 5 metres per second has been recorded .
The closest relatives of clawed lobsters are the reef lobster Enoplometopus and the three families of freshwater crayfish .
Smaller varieties are sometimes called lobsterettes .
This is called molting .
It leaves them vulnerable during this time .
They generally live alone in crevices or in burrows under rocks .
Studies have shown that the lobster eye is formed with a reflective structure atop a convex retina .
The abdomen of the lobster includes swimmerets and its tail is composed of uropods and the telson .
A speed of 5 meters per second has been recorded .
It makes them weak and easy to attack during this time .
They usually live alone in cracks or in under rocks .
It leaves them weak and easy to attack during this time .
They generally live alone in cracks or in burrows under rocks .
Eucalyptus can be found in almost every part of the Australian continent .
Nearly every kind of Australian tre is a eucalyptus .
Many Eucalypts also change the shape of their leaves as they get older .
Young eucalypts have round leaves .
A few kinds keep the round leaf shape all their lives .
Most species do not flower until the adult leaves starts to appear .
Eucalypts also commonly exhibit leaf dimorphism .
Eucalypts have special flowers and fruits that no other trees have .
When it flowers a bud cap made of petals grows around the flower until it is ready to open .
Then the bud cap falls off to reveal a flower with no petals .
The woody fruits are called gumnuts .
The leaves are covered with oil glands .
These oils are often used to treat coughs and colds .
The most readily recognisable characteristics of Eucalyptus species are the distinctive flowers and fruits .
This cap forms from modified petals and falls off as the flower opens .
The copious oils produced are an important feature of the genus .
The bark dies every year .
Many kinds of eucalptus trees have smooth bark at the top but rough bark lower down .
It is soaked with dried sap exuded by the tree which gives it a dark red or even black color .
These flakes are like cork and can flake off .
The bark dies annually and species can be roughly grouped based on its appearance .
The types of rough bark is often used to broadly label a group of eucalypts .
They are corkish and can flake off .
Some also show tessellation .
Some egg vibrators can be used with a remote control and do not have any wires .
They have a cord for pulling out the egg .
They are made of various elastic materials for intensive stimulation .
Single egg vibrator .
Double egg vibrator .
Some egg vibrators can be operated though control panels and do not have any wires attached .
They have a cord for pulling out the egg from the anus or vagina after using .
The wakizashi is a traditional Japanese sword .
So it was a sword to make dangerous cuts in weak points of the human body .
The use of a daish on the battlefield gave its user a big advantage .
This is why the wakizashi is often called the samurai 's side arm .
The wakizashi proved to be very effective when the katana 's length and weight made it hard to use .
The makizashi needs less force to use and it is more manoeuverable .
When a female samurai committed seppuku she would only cut her own throat .
Such a sword could be from 12 to 24 inches long .
The construction of a wakizashi comprises a traditional slightly curved blade with a square shaped hilt .
So it was a sword to make dangerous cuts of weak points of human body .
The use of a daish on battlefield gave considerable advantage to the one who used the set it .
With the two swords the samurai could keep the enemies within a radius of action ranging from 2 to 7 feet .
The wakizashi proved to be very effective when the katana 's length and weight was not or much use .
Wakizashi requires less force to use and it is more maneuverable .
Existentialism is a philosophy that is very different from other ways of thinking .
Existentialism is a philosophy that is very different than other ways of thinking .
The Sea of Galilee is on the ancient Via Maris road which linked Egypt with the northern empires .
Much of the ministry of Jesus was on the shores of Lake Galilee .
The Romans responded by sending all Jews away from Jerusalem and not letting them come back .
The lake lost importance when the Byzantines lost control of it .
The area came under the control of the Umayyad Caliphate and later Islamic empires .
Kinneret was the center of the Kibbutz culture of early Zionism .
In 1923 an agreement between the United Kingdom and France set the border between the British Mandate of Palestine and the French Mandate of Syria .
The British gave the southern Golan Heights to the French in return for the northern Jordan Valley .
The 1947 UN Partition Plan put this area inside the Jewish state .
More demand for water and some dry winters have resulted in a lower water level that is sometimes dangerous .
The lake is also known on modern maps as Lake Galilee or Lake Tiberias .
The name Galilee refers to the region of Galilee in which it is located .
The Sea of Galilee lies on the ancient Via Maris which linked Egypt with the northern empires .
Much of the ministry of Jesus occurred on the shores of Lake Galilee .
The Romans responded by banning all Jews from Jerusalem .
The lake 's importance declined when the Byzantines lost control of it .
The area came under the control of the Umayyad Caliphate and subsequent Islamic empires .
Kinneret was the cradle of the Kibbutz culture of early Zionism .
In 1923 an agreement between the United Kingdom and France established the border between the British Mandate of Palestine and the French Mandate of Syria .
The British handed over the southern Golan Heights to the French in return for the northern Jordan Valley .
The 1947 UN Partition Plan put this territory area inside the Jewish state .
His current whereabouts unknown .
He is the first cousin of Art Garfunkel .
Pearlman is president and founder of Trans Continental Airlines .
His Talent Rock hosts talent search events and workshops .
Lou Pearlman was parodied by Jon Stewart on an episode of Saturday Night Live .
A mint is a factory that makes money .
A mint is a factory that makes moneys .
This is because his poetry is very hard to translate well into other languages because the words are full of special meanings in Russian culture .
This is because his poetry is almost impossible to translate well into other languages because the words are full of special meanings in Russian culture .
Semantics is the study of meaning .
Meaning in this case refers to the relation between signifiers and what they stand for .
Semiotics is a general theory of language .
Semantics is one of its three parts .
The background does n't change .
The background almost does n't change .
LSD is not addictive in this way .
LSD is not addictive .
LSD is the shorter name for a drug called Lysergic acid diethylamide .
LSD is sometimes used for certain therapies .
LSD is the shorter name for an illegal drug called Lysergic acid diethylamide .
LSD first became popular in the 1960s .
College students participated in voluntary LSD experiments .
These experiments were made by psychologists and other professionals .
College students willingly took part in LSD experiments .
College students participated in voluntary LSD experiments .
The Hippies were a countercultural movement .
He believed that what he had experienced were the effects of the drug .
He tried a larger amount next .
He ended up with a much stronger to the drug than he expected .
Some alcoholics who tried the drug found their need to drink alcohol lessened or went away .
They understood better why they had abused alcohol .
He ended up having a much stronger to the drug than he ever expected .
He was also a fan of professional wrestling .
Levesque enrolled at Killer Kowalski 's wrestling school in 1992 after it was recommended to him byTed Arcidi .
It was in the IWF that Levesque started using the name Terra Ryzing .
During this time he began using his finisher The Pedigree .
Hunter won when Chyna interfered after blinding Slaughter with a powder shot to the face .
This was the first time he had performed as a face in the WWF .
This storyline rivalry eventually led to a feud over The Rock 's Intercontinental Championship .
Triple H was booked to defeat The Rock in a ladder match at SummerSlam 1998 to capture the title .
This decision helped push Triple H further in the direction of the WWF Championship .
His gimmick changed as he fought to earn a WWF title shot .
PWI Staff .
Triple H dropped the WWE Championship to Vince McMahon on the September 16 1999 edition of SmackDown !
His storyline feud with Vince McMahon continued with McMahon winning the title from Triple H during an episode of SmackDown !
PWI Staff .
Triple H returned a few weeks later and attacked Austin .
The feud continued into 2001 and culminated in a Three Stages of Hell match in which Helmsley defeated Austin .
PWI Staff .
Triple H returned to RAW as a face on January 7 2002 at Madison Square Garden .
Triple H then became exclusive to the SmackDown !
One of Bischoff 's first intentions was to follow up on the nWo 's plan and woo Triple H over to the RAW roster .
PWI Staff .
RAW General Manager Eric Bischoff then awarded the World Heavyweight Championship to Triple H in the form of the old WCW Championship belt .
PWI Staff .
PWI Staff .
PWI Staff .
PWI Staff .
Triple H then began a feud with Flair .
PWI Staff .
PWI Staff .
PWI Staff .
Triple H won the match after a Sledgehammer shot and a Pedigree .
He has appeared in commercials for bodybuilding supplements such as Stacker 2 's and YJ Stinger .
Levesque also appeared in a Wendy 's commercial holding up a Triple Classic Burger calling it the Triple H Burger .
He is also starring in the upcoming WWE Film Journey of Death .
Levesque was featured in the August 14 2005 episode of MTV 's Punk 'd in which he was led to believe that he had ruined a wedding by hitting the bride in the face with a door and damaging her nose until Ashton Kutcher and Stacy Keibler showed up .
They dated for four years from 1996 until 2000 .
Levesque married Stephanie McMahon on October 25 2003 .
A Gecko is a type of lizard .
A Gecko is a kind of lizard .
Miles per hour is a unit of measurement .
It measures speed .
It is the number of miles moved in an hour .
Miles per hour is a unit of meaurement .
It is a unit of speed .
It is the number of international miles moved for each hour .
He is best known as the scientific director of the Manhattan Project .
That is why Oppenheimer is called the father of the atomic bomb .
Oppenheimer is called the father of the atomic bomb .
Many artistic disciplines are a mixture of several arts .
The arts are usually constrasted with The sciences .
Many artistic disciplines have aspects of several arts .
Only two nuclear bombs were ever used in a war .
Both bombs fell on Japanese cities .
The first on Hiroshima and the second on Nagasaki .
The bombings took place near the end of World War II .
The bombings of the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki near the end of World War II are the only times nuclear weapons have been used in war .
Some amateur radio hobbyists volunteer to listen to the emergency band frequencies in case there are distress calls .
Some amateur radio hobbyists volunteer to monitor the emergency band frequencies in case there are distress calls .
Everyday use of stainless steel one finds in cutlery .
Common uses of stainless steel are the everyday cutlery and watch straps .
It is characterized by the internal structure of the material flowing under shear stress .
Each electrode is placed on one side of the heart .
Defibrillators consist of a central unit and a set of two electrodes .
The central unit is a source of power and a way to control the defibrillator .
A defibrillator is a medical device that is used to defibrillate the heart .
It does this by shocking the heart with an electric current to stop ventricular fibrillation or pulseless ventricular tachycardia .
The current is sent through two electrodes .
These electrodes are normally either paddles or sticky pads .
Ventricular fibrillation is a situation of electrical chaos in the heart 's conduction system .
It changes the normal contractions of cardiac muscular tissue .
This causes the heart to stop pumping blood around the body properly .
It causes circulatory arrest and death within minutes from hypoxic brain damage .
The electric current from a defibrillator stops all electrical activity in the heart by depolarising its electrical system .
This lets the hearts normal impulses regain control of the muscular tissue of the heart .
Macroscopic is means physical objects that are measurable and and can be seen by the naked eye .
Lengths scales are called macroscopic if they are fall in the range of more or less 1 mm up to 1 km .
Macroscopic is means physical objects that are measurable and observable by the naked eye .
Lengths scales are called macroscopic if they are fall in the range of 1 mm up to 1 km .
In physics macroscopy is a relative term .
Macroscopic means physical objects that are measurable and and can be seen by the naked eye .
Macroscopic is means physical objects that are measurable and and can be seen by the naked eye .
It is often used in astronomy meaning something that the general public an see .
The player moves a spaceship and tries to destroy space stations .
There are also other things in space that the player has to destroy to get to the space stations .
The player moves a spaceship and tries to kill space stations .
There are also other things in space that the player has to kill to get to the space stations .
Bosconian is a arcade video game made by Namco in 1981 .
Bosconian was a arcade video game made by Namco in 1981 .
People described her as short and .
Her tutor Sydney Gibbes said that Anastasia 's acting made everyone laugh .
She did not try to do so again .
They also noted that the girls had become sad and hopeless and did not reply to his service .
They joked and helped move the beds in their shared bedroom so that the cleaning women could clean the floors .
Her tutor Sydney Gibbes claimed that Anastasia 's performance made everyone laugh greatly .
She did not try again .
They joked and helped move the beds in their shared bedroom so that cleaning women could clean the floors .
Remains can even be sent into space or turned into a diamond .
The latter can be done because humans and diamonds are both made largely from carbon .
Sometimes the bug is just the computer not working properly .
A true bug is a group of insects .
There are certain situations where this is not true .
One of these is with people who are addicted to illegal drugs .
In such a case the law of supply and demand is not valid .
So shortages drives up prices .
She was the first woman to fly a plane by herself across the Atlantic Ocean .
She was the first woman to fly a plane around the world .
Because he had friends in the mafia the FBI tried to find information that could have arrested him .
Because he had friends in the mafia the FBI tried to find information that could have him arrested .
There was still much racism and African Americans were not treated fairly .
He lead many African Americans on marches to protest at the way they were treated .
Slavery had ended but segregation had not .
Browser crashed ?
Well done !
Racial segregation is the term used to describe the separation of people based on race .
This has been encouraged in many countries and made law in others .
In 1804 most of the Northern states of America banned slavery and wished the Southern states to do the same .
They could not agree and the American Civil War began .
President Abraham Lincoln lead the North to victory over the South and in 1865 slavery was banned throughout the whole country .
There was still much racism and African Americans were not treated fairly .
There were black and white parts of towns and cities .
It was not until the 1950s and 1960s that things began to change .
He lead many African Americans on marches to protest at the way they were treated .
Black students had to be escorted in by armed police officers and it took many years for the schooling system to change .
It took many more decades to get rid of all the racist laws .
ChuChu is a comic magazine that is written for teenage girls .
ChuChu is a comic magazine which targets is teen girls .
It teaches beautiful moral character and music through a caring environment .
This means that each student sees and hears music and beautiful moral character at home and at other places .
Other people say that they will do well .
Other people are happy when they do well .
They learn one thing at a time .
They learn new things when they are ready .
The term Suzuki method is also used to mean only the Suzuki sheet music books and songs .
The term Suzuki method is also used to mean only the sheet music books and CDs which are used in the method .
In the mid Kamakura Period the Osafune School was developed as the best known of the system .
It included famous Japanese smiths like Yukimitsu and Masamune who made several innovations .
The late Kamakura period is often referred to as the greatest period of sword making in Japanese history .
The swords of the Masamune School were harder than any of the swords made before .
Nagayoshi made better products by using the best ideas from both the Bizen and Soshu schools .
He was successful because of the softer Bizen steel which is made at higher temperatures than that of the Soshu school used to be .
In his creation of swords he used the Shoshu style and added his own methods .
Tsujimura Yomonosuke established his school in the Kaga province .
In the mid Kamakura Period the Osafune School is developed as the most known one of the system .
It included famous Japanese smiths like Yukimitsu and Masamune .
It was characterized by the tendency to involve different innovations .
The late Kamakura period is often referred to as the greatest period of sword making in the Japanese history .
A specific characteristic of Masamune School was the sword 's harderness than any of the swords made before .
Nagayoshi tendency was to make a better product by utilizing the best elements from both the Bizen and Soshu schools .
His success was determined by the use of the softer Bizen steel with application of high temperature as Soshu school used to do .
In his swords creation he used the Shoshu style and added his own methods .
Tsujimura Yomonosuke established his school in Kaga province .
He is considered a skilled Bizen smith who broke away from the long established traditions .
It is believed that he created the Mino school in the Shizuyama region .
Tsujimura Yomonosuke established his school in the Kaga province .
He studied all the five traditions and took the name of his master Akihira .
Maltese is the language of Malta and language of the European Union .
Militarism or militarist ideology is a view on society .
It says society should be like the military .
People that say militarism is good are called militarists .
Most important to militarists is discipline .
Discipline means to follow a set of rules .
It also means training that follows such rules .
There are many areas where moral goals and the culture of the military can be applied .
Militarism is related to militarization .
Militarist countries often have a strong military .
Israel can be seen as a modern example of militarism .
Israel can be seen as a modern example of militarism .
The official proof of a prime is through it primality certificate .
The official proof of a prime is through its primality certificate .
The official proof of a prime is through it primality certificate .
Marciano planned for an early January 1956 fight but that never came to be .
Marciano is the only heavyweight champion in pro boxing and kick boxing history who never lost or drew a professional match .
Marciano was knocked down in the bout but he got up and knocked out Moore in the 9th round .
There was some talk of a Marciano fight in January 1956 but that never happened .
There was talk of Marciano January 1956 fight but that never came to be .
Floyd Patterson 's contract also demanded a rematch with Ingemar first .
The magnetic field wards off solar wind .
Magnetic field wards off solar wind .
He was a son of King Edward the Elder and Edgiva of Kent .
Chytridiomycota is a division of the Fungi kingdom .
This name refers to the structure which contains unreleased spores .
They were put in the Subdivision Myxomycophyta of the Kingdom Fungi .
This does of course nor apply to the orders Neocallimasticales and Spizellomycetales which have only recently been made .
The chytrids are the most primitive of the fungi .
Many chytrids are aquatic .
The thalli are coenocytic and usually form no true mycelium .
They have rhizoids instead .
Chytridiomycota is a phylum of the Fungi kingdom .
The Aquarium Wiki on Chytrid Fungus and how it impacts amphibians kept as domestic pets .
Chytridiomycota is a division of the Fungi kingdom .
This name refers to the structure which contains unreleased spores .
They were put in the Subdivision Myxomycophyta of the Kingdom Fungi .
This does of course not apply to the orders Neocallimasticales and Spizellomycetales which have only recently been made .
Many chytrids are aquatic .
The thalli are coenocytic and usually form no true mycelium .
They have rhizoids instead .
Some species are unicellular .
Some chytrid species are known to kill amphibians in large numbers .
The infection is referred to as chytridiomycosis .
Decline in frog populations led to the discovery of chytridomycosis in 1998 in Australia and Panama .
Synchytrium endobioticum is an important potato pathogen .
Ghost lights are lights in the air that scientists dont unerstand much and do n't know what they are .
Ghost lights are not seen much .
Ghost light close to ground is mostly called will o ' the wisp .
Ghost light in the sky is often called UFOs .
Ghost lights are lights in air that are not fully understood by scientists .
Ghost lights are not seen often .
Ghost light close to ground is often called will o ' the wisp .
Ghost light at the sky is often called UFOs .
Kyle Busch considers himself a of the Car of Tomorrow and is hopeful to win the 2009 Sprint Cup Championship .
Kyle Busch considers himself a master of the Car of Tomorrow and is hopeful to win the 2009 Sprint Cup Championship .
Social engineering is a method some people use to influence to get secret information .
Phishing is a sort of social engineering .
Social engineering is a method some people use to influence to get confidential information .
Phishing is a form of social engineering .
Hydroponics or Hydroculture is the method of growing plants in the nutrients that they need instead of soil .
There are many ways of doing it .
Hydroponics is very good for plant teaching and research .
No soil is needed .
There are no diseases from soil .
There are no weeds .
Crops are not contaminated with soil .
Hydroponics cost less than other ways for growing strawberries .
Hydroponics give the plants more sunlight .
The maintenance needed for hydroponic plants is very low .
Hydroponics is more complicated than growing plants from soil .
Hydroponics is crop production with mineral nutrient solutions instead of soil containing silt and clay .
A variety of techniques exist .
A crop rotation is the practice of moving different crops on the same land .
Crop rotation also helps stop the loss of water in soil nutrients .
A normal way to do crop rotation is to mix green manure and other organic matters in with the soil .
Crop rotation is the practice of changing the location of different crops on the same land .
This process of rotation is important because harmful organisms and other pests often spread when one crop is repeatedly cultivated .
Crop rotation also helps prevent depletion of soil nutrients .
A traditional process used with crop rotation is to mix green manure and other organic matter with the soil .
The addition of organic matter to soil is one component of polyculture .
Donizetti 's family were very poor .
He opened a school which trained boys to sing in the church choir and gave them a good musical education .
Donizetti learned a lot from Mayr and was always very grateful to him .
Donizetti 's first operas were performed in Venice .
A rich lady who realized he was very talented paid so that he did not have to do military service .
His opera Zoraida di Granata was very successful in Rome and he was given a contract for an opera for Naples .
For several years he composed between two and five operas every year .
They were not particularly successful .
In 1828 he married .
None of their three children lived very long and his wife died in 1837 which made him very sad during his last years .
This can be felt in his music .
His opera Anna Bolena made him internationally famous .
It was performed in London and Paris .
His opera Maria Stuarda was based on a play by Schiller .
It was not popular at first .
The audience did not like the tragic ending .
After a visit to Paris he returned to Naples to produce Lucia di Lammermoor which was based on Scott 's novel The Bride of Lammermoor .
There is a French version as well as an Italian version of this opera .
In 1838 he moved to Paris where he had his operas performed in four theaters .
Berlioz wrote very critical articles about him in a music journal .
He was obviously finding it difficult to think of new ideas .
He was suffering from syphilis .
He was put in a sanatorium near Paris for 17 months .
He was paralysed and almost unable to speak .
His friends looked after him until he died .
He was buried in Bergamo .
His remains are now in a church there .
The house where he was born is a museum .
One can it from negative and print .
Contrast with negative and print .
A slide projector is an instrument to view photographic slides .
This glass absorbs infrared .
So the audience can view its reflection .
The image may be projected onto a translucent rear projection screen .
That is used for continuous automatic display for close viewing .
This form of projection also avoids that people who look at the show interrupt the light stream or bump into the projector .
This glass transmits visible wavelengths but absorbs infrared .
This form of projection also avoids the audience 's interrupting the light stream or bumping into the projector .
The project was started in the 1960s .
Further connections to Europe and Africa were also considered .
The TAR was seen as a way to accommodate the huge increases in international trade between Eurasian nations .
It should also make the increased movements of goods between countries easier .
The TAR was seen as a way to accommodate the huge increases in international trade between Eurasian nations and facilitate the increased movements of goods between countries .
The TAR was seen as a way to handle the huge increases in international trade between Eurasian nations .
It was also supposed to make more movement of goods between countries easier .
The routes meet in the Iranian capital of Tehran and continue to the Iranian port of Bandar Abbas .
The TAR was seen as a way to accommodate the huge increases in international trade between Eurasian nations .
It should also make the increased movements of goods between countries easier .
The routes converge in the Iranian capital of Tehran and continue to the Iranian port of Bandar Abbas .
Wears dresses but also likes to wear other types of clothing too .
Wears dresses but also likes to where other types of clothing too .
It is attached to a band around the hips .
It can be worn as a swimwear or underwear by both men and women .
This means dental floss .
This is most commonly used by Reggaeton artists to refer to the underwear style .
This is because of its shape seen from behind .
The word is sometimes confused with tea bag .
It means t character pants .
Sliding the string against the anus and vagina can let bacteria get inside the body .
It is necessary for the wearer to be keep the anus and vagina especially clean due to the tightness of the fabric .
These early pieces of clothes were made to fit the male genitalia .
They first became popular in South America in the 1970s .
The term was first written about by Americans in the late 1800s .
They described the loincloth of Philippine natives .
The term is first attested in writings by Americans in the late 1800s describing the loincloth of Philippine natives .
This makes it look like a string .
The members of the RIAA are mostly record companies in the United States of America .
Ecosystem valuation is a widely used tool to find out the impact of human activities on an environmental system .
It is done by giving an economic value to an ecosystem or its ecosystem services .
The simplest form of ecosystem valuation is that one looks at an ecosystem as if its ecological yield had the same value as it would be on commodity markets .
Mysterious pinwheels and telephones rise out of the meadow to show the days ' activities .
Mysterious pinwheels and telephones rise out of the meadow to show the days activities .
FLAC files can only make an audio file about half its original size .
Its use is similar to that of MP3 .
This reaty which says thatthe United States have a perpetual lease of the area .
He planned to march on Santiago de Cuba but local guerrilla forces resisted them .
He had to withdrew .
It needed shelter from the summer hurricane season .
It is the largest harbor on the south side of the island .
It is surrounded by steep hills creating an enclave cut off from its immediate hinterland .
It is the largest harbor on the south side of the island and is surrounded by steep hills creating an enclave cut off from its immediate hinterland .
The province has many material resources such as iron and nickel .
The province is rich in material resources such as iron and nickel .
There are many plaques in the mountains that commemorate the struggle against Fulgencio Batista .
The struggle took place in 1959 .
It is believed there are many unmarked grave sites from the different wars .
These have been uncovered by archaeological digs .
Most of these are not specially marked .
There are said to be many unmarked grave sites from the different wars .
Growing and processing sugar is very important to its economy .
There are many sugar mills and sugarcane plantations across the province .
Scuba diving is a popular activity in Cienfuegos .
There are many underwater caves and over 50 places for diving .
There are also waterfalls in the mountains of the province .
The Santa Clara province no longer exists though .
Sugar mills and sugarcane plantations dot the landscape .
There are waterfalls in the sierra of the province .
Scuba diving off Cienfuegos province is extremely popular both with tourists and locals .
It is therefore not a part of any province .
The Isle of Youth is administered directly by the central government of Cuba .
The capital and largest city is Nueva Gerona in the north .
Much of the island is covered withpine forests .
These are the source of the island 's large lumber industry .
The northern region of the island has low ridges from which marble is quarried .
The southern region is an elevated plain .
A coronation is a that gives a monarch regal or royal power .
The power is symbolized by putting a crown upon his or her head .
The Cylons are a race that was made to be robotic workers and soldiers .
The Cylons rebelled and fought against the people that created them .
They were created by the Twelve Colonies of Kobol .
Kalash people live in three isolated valleys .
There are only about 2000 Kalash left .
Kalash people lives in three isolated valleys .
Many muslims would like to convert Kalash people but Kalash defends their faith .
Actually if a Kalash person converts to Islam that person is kicked out from Kalash society .
Everybody should defend their own ethnic identity like the Kalash people .
Kalash are indigenous people and very small minority .
Kalash people live in three isolated valleys .
They claim that they have Greek origin .
This is the reason why Kalash religion and ethnicity still exist and this is the only way to make it exist also in the future .
Kalash Valleys A plethora of high quality pictures of the Kalash people and their homeland .
An integral helps to find out how much space is under a graph of something .
Integrals undo derivatives .
A derivative helps to find the steepness of a graph .
Integrals and derivatives are part of a branch of mathematics called calculus .
Integration helps when trying to multiply units into a problem .
This is done by adding small slices of the rate graph together .
This is called a Riemann Sum .
Adding these slices together gives the equation that the first equation is the derivative of .
Integrals are kind of like adding machines .
Another time integration is helpful is when finding the volume of a solid .
Some authors maintain a distinction between antiderivatives and indefinite integrals .
The principles of integration were formulated independently by Isaac Newton and Gottfried Leibniz in the late seventeenth century .
A rigorous mathematical definition of the integral was given by Bernhard Riemann .
It is based on a limiting procedure which approximates the area of a curvilinear region by breaking the region into thin vertical slabs .
Integrals of differential forms play a fundamental role in modern differential geometry .
This method was further developed and employed by Archimedes and used to calculate areas for parabolas and an approximation to the area of a circle .
This method was later used in the 5th century by Chinese father and son mathematicians Zu Chongzhi and Zu Geng to find the volume of a sphere .
The next significant advances in integral calculus did not begin to appear until the 16th century .
The major advance in integration came in the 17th century with the independent discovery of the fundamental theorem of calculus by Newton and Leibniz .
The theorem demonstrates a connection between integration and differentiation .
Equal in importance is the comprehensive mathematical framework that both Newton and Leibniz developed .
Bishop Berkeley memorably attacked infinitesimals as the ghosts of departed quantities .
Calculus acquired a firmer footing with the development of limits and was given a suitable foundation by Cauchy in the first half of the 19th century .
The function for which the integral is calculated is called the integrand .
The region over which a function is being integrated is called the domain of integration .
The variable of integration dx has different interpretations depending on the theory being used .
More complicated cases may vary the notation slightly .
Integrals appear in many practical situations .
Consider a swimming pool .
Its area is exactly 1 .
We can easily see that the approximation is still too large .
The multiplication sign is usually omitted .
Here A denotes the region of integration .
The calculated result will be the same for all .
The most commonly used definitions of integral are Riemann integrals and Lebesgue integrals .
The Riemann integral is defined in terms of Riemann sums of functions with respect to tagged partitions of an interval .
This is the approach taken by and a certain number of other authors .
For details see Radon measures .
Robert Bartle gave perhaps the most compelling introduction to this integral in a paper for which he earned a writing award from the Mathematical Association of America .
See for an axiomatic characterisation of the integral .
Upper and lower bounds .
Inequalities between functions .
Products and absolute values of functions .
Minkowski inequality .
An analog of this inequality for Lebesgue integral is used in construction of Lp spaces .
Reversing limits of integration .
Integrals over intervals of length zero .
Additivity of integration on intervals .
Fundamental theorem of calculus .
Second fundamental theorem of calculus .
An improper integral occurs when one or more of these conditions is not satisfied .
In some cases such integrals may be defined by considering the limit of a sequence of proper Riemann integrals on progressively larger intervals .
Integrals can be taken over regions other than intervals .
Fubini 's theorem shows that such integrals can be rewritten as an iterated integral .
The result will equate to the volume under the surface .
Such integrals are known as line integrals and surface integrals respectively .
Various different line integrals are in use .
In the case of a closed curve it is also called a contor integral .
The function to be integrated may be a scalar field or a vector field .
This weighting distinguishes the line integral from simpler integrals defined on intervals .
The function to be integrated may be a scalar field or a vector field .
The value of the surface integral is the sum of the field at all points on the surface .
We initially work in an open set in Rn .
In this way we can see that differential forms provide a powerful unifying view of integration .
The most basic technique for computing definite integrals of one real variable is based on the fundamental theorem of calculus .
Most of these techniques rewrite one integral as a different one which is hopefully more tractable .
Many nonelementary integrals can be expanded in a Taylor series and integrated term by term .
Computations of volumes of solids of revolution can usually be done with disk integration or shell integration .
Specific results which have been worked out by various techniques are collected in the list of integrals .
Extensive tables of integrals have been compiled and published over the years for this purpose .
Symbolic integration presents a special challenge in the development of such systems .
Differential Galois theory provides general criteria that allow one to determine whether the antiderivative of an elementary function is elementary .
Some special integrands occur often enough to warrant special study .
A better approach replaces the horizontal tops of the rectangles with slanted tops touching the function at the ends of each piece .
Romberg 's method builds on the trapezoid method to great effect .
Gaussian quadrature often requires noticeably less work for superior accuracy .
Even the best adaptive numerical code sometimes requires a user to help with the more demanding integrals .
In particular chapters III and IV .
Der Briefwechsel von Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz mit Mathematikern .
Erster Band .
Preussischen Akademie der Wissenschaften .
A new concept to an old problem .
Stefan Uro II Milutin of Serbia starts the Banjska monastery .
Stefan Uro II Milutin of Serbia founds the Banjska monastery .
A three tier Roman aqueduct started to be built beginning in Nimes and running for 269 miles .
The people of Dacia revolt against the Sarmatian tribe of Iazyges who had enslaved them .
Construction of a three tier Roman aqueduct beginning in Nimes and running for 269 miles .
The original inhabitants of Dacia revolt against the Sarmatian tribe of Iazyges who had enslaved them .
Cretaceous period is divided into early Cretaceous and late Cretacoues .
Cretaceous period is devided to early Cretaceous and late Cretacoues .
The Cretaceous period is divided into early Cretaceous and late Cretaceous .
Cretaceous period is divided into early Cretaceous and late Cretacoues .
Alphabet in Thai language has 44 alphabet .
Thai language has a Thai number .
They went to schools and killed everybody there .
They went to schools and colleges and killed everybody there .
India and Bangladesh say that nearly 3 million were killed .
Rummel says this was an act of killing specific groups of people .
India and Bangladesh prove that nearly 3 million were killed .
Rummel says that these killings were an act of democide .
The 1971 Bangladesh atrocities refer to the murder of many people in Bangladesh and also unfair treatment carried out by the Pakistan Army during the Bangladesh War of 1971 .
Bangladeshis call this a genocide .
Another 10 million ran away from the country to be safe in India .
The 1971 Bangladesh atrocities refer to the murder of many people in Bangladesh and also disrespect of human rights carried out by the Pakistan Army during the Bangladesh War of 1971 .
Another 10 million ran away from the country to seek safety in India .
This class contains many marine and freshwater species as well as many terrestrial ones .
This class contains a vast number of marine and freshwater species as well as many terrestrial ones .
These gastropods breathe with gills .
Some freshwater species and almost all terrestric species have developed lungs .
Their gills are often in a form of feathery plumes on their backs .
The taxonomy of the Gastropoda is under constant revision .
More and more of the old taxonomy is being abandoned .
Nevertheless terms as opisthobranch and prosobranch are still used .
It will be challenging to integrating these findings into a working taxonomy .
Nevertheless terms as opisthobranch and prosobranch are still being used in a descriptive way .
Integrating these findings into a working taxonomy will be a true challenge in the coming years .
Most of the other animals that produce seashells belong to them as well .
This class contains many marine and freshwater species as well as many terrestrial ones .
The significance of this procedure is not yet clear .
The eyes at the tip of the tentacles range from simple to more complex eyes .
Gastropods from several different families are caled sea slugs .
This is what gives the name to the nudibranchs .
The larval shell of a gastropod is called a protoconch .
Several species have an operculum that operates as a trapdoor to close the shell .
In rocks of the Mesozoic era gastropods are more common as fossils and their shell is often well preserved .
Rocks of the Cainozoic era have very large numbers of gastropod fossils in them .
Early Cambrian forms like Helcionella and Scenella are no longer considered gastropods .
The tiny coiled Aldanella of earliest Cambrian time is probably not even a mollusc .
In rocks of the Mesozoic era gastropods are slightly more common as fossils and their shell is often well preserved .
Rocks of the Cenozoic era have very large numbers of gastropod fossils in them .
Gastropod fossils may sometimes be confused with ammonites or other shelled cephalopods .
An example of this is Bellerophon from the limestones of the Carboniferous period in Europe which may be mistaken for a cephalopod .
According to the traditional classification there are four subclasses .
It will be challenging to integrating these findings into a working taxonomy .
Nevertheless terms as opisthobranch and prosobranch are still used .
It will be challenging to integrating these findings into a working taxonomy .
Limpets are marine gastropod molluscs in the order Patellogastropoda .
It is still unclear how limpets find their way back to the same spot each time .
It is thought that they follow a mucus trail left as they move .
The name Limpet is used for many marine and freshwater gastropod species which have a simple conical shell .
The phrase true limpets is used only for marine limpets in the ancient clade Patellogastropoda .
This article is mainly about the true limpets .
Limpets eat by grazing on algae found on rock surfaces .
Some species of limpets return to the same spot on the rock known as a home scar just before the tide ebbs .
It is though that they follow chemical trails .
This behavior permits a better seal to the rock .
As this occurs chemicals are released that promote the vertical growth of the shell .
Larvae are pelagic for a couple of weeks before settling onto a hard substrate .
Limpets are marine gastropod molluscs in the order Patellogastropoda .
Limpets forage by grazing on algae found on rock surfaces .
Some species of limpets return to the same spot on the rock known as a home scar just before the tide recedes .
This behavior presumably allows them to form a better seal to the rock and may help protect from either predation or desiccation .
It is still unclear how limpets find their way back to the same spot each time .
As this occurs chemicals are released that promote the vertical growth of the limpet 's shell .
Limpets are being researched to see if the chemicals it releases are cancer preventing chemicals .
Photos and detailed information distinguishing the different varieties .
The Haliotid family occurs all over the world .
The back is convex .
It ranges from highly arched to very flattened .
The adults are herbivores and feed with their rhipidoglossan radula on macroalgae .
They prefer red algae .
Abalone are known by their colorful inside shell .
Abalones live all over the world .
Abalones can start to give birth at a small size .
The adults eat plants and feed on algae .
They like to eat red algae .
Their size can be as small as 20 mm to as big as 200 mm .
Allergy and asthma attacks can happen when breathing the dust made when these tiles are broken down .
Sport harvesting of Red Abalone is allowed with a California fishing license and an abalone stamp card .
SCUBA diving for abalone is strictly not allowed .
Abalone harvesting is not allowed south of the mouth of the San Francisco Bay .
There is a size minimum of seven inches measured across the shell and a limit of three per day and 24 per year that can be taken .
Transportation of abalone is only legal while the abalone is still attached to the shell .
There is a large worldwide black market in the collection and export of abalone meat .
The legal daily limit is 10 p ua per diver with a minimum shell length of 125 mm .
The limit is strictly enforced by many Ministry of Fisheries officers with the help of the police .
Any breach of these laws is illegal and can lead to a large fine .
Abalone are known by their richly colored inside shell .
Abalones occur all over the world .
Abalones can start to reproduce at a small size .
The adults are eat plants and feed on algae .
They prefer red algae .
Sizes range from 20 mm to 200 mm or more .
Allergic skin reactions and asthma attacks can also occur when breathing in the dust when these tiles are broken down .
Sport harvesting of Red Abalone is permitted with a California fishing license and an abalone stamp card .
SCUBA diving for abalone is strictly prohibited .
Taking of abalone is not permitted south of the mouth of the San Francisco Bay .
There is a size minimum of seven inches measured across the shell and a quantity limit of three per day and 24 per year .
Transportation of abalone may only legally occur while the abalone is still attached in the shell .
There is an extensive global black market in the collection and export of abalone meat .
The legal recreational daily limit is 10 p ua per diver with a minimum shell length of 125 mm .
The limit is strictly enforced by roving Ministry of Fisheries officers with the backing of the police .
Any breach of these laws is a criminal offence and can lead to a heavy fine .
It is a marine gastropod .
Many other gastopods have common names with conch in them .
This indentation is called a stromboid notch .
It is also believed to be used as a weapon by the earliest Caribbean natives .
In the book the conch is used to call everyone together .
It is also believed to be used as a weapon by the earlest caribbean natives .
The class has two living subclasses .
There are at least 800 different living species of Cephalopods .
Cephalopods are found in all the oceans of the world and at all levels .
Cephalopods are widely known as the smartest of the invertebrates and have well formed senses and large brains .
The effectiveness of jet propulsion goes down with larger animals .
This is probably the reason why many species want to use their fins or arms for moving if possible .
Some cephalopods can tighten their bodies into a bullet shape to go easier through the ocean .
Squids and cuttlefish can move short distances in any direction by shaking of a flap of muscle around the mantle .
Most of the energy from from their food is used for growing .
That in turn is used to transport the spermatophores to the female .
The class developed during the late Cambrian and were the most common and differnt marine life forms during the Paleozoic and Mesozoic times .
The class contains two living subclasses .
There are at least 800 distinct living species of Cephalopods .
Cephalopods are found in all the oceans of the world and at all depths .
Cephalopods are widely regarded as the most intelligent of the invertebrates and have well developed senses and large brains .
The relative efficiency of jet propulsion degrades with larger animals .
This is probably the reason why many species prefer to use their fins or arms for locomotion if possible .
Some cephalopods can tighten their bodies into a bullet shape to glide easily through the ocean .
Squids and cuttlefish can move short distances in any direction by rippling of a flap of muscle around the mantle .
Most of the energy extracted from their food is used for growing .
That in turn is used to transfer the spermatophores to the female .
The class developed during the late Cambrian and were dominant and diverse marine life forms during the Paleozoic and Mesozoic .
Cuttlefish have an internal structure called the cuttlebone .
Cuttlefish are sometimes called the chameleon of the sea because of their remarkable ability to rapidly change their skin color at will .
There are up to 200 of these specialized pigment cells per square millimeter .
The organogenesis of cephalopod eyes is fundamentally different from that of vertebrates like humans .
The blood is pumped by three separate hearts .
Cuttlefish are sometimes called the chameleon of the sea because of their remarkable ability to rapidly alter their skin color at will .
The organogenesis of cephalopod eyes differs fundamentally from that of vertebrates like humans .
Cuttlebones are traditionally used by jewelers and silversmiths as molds for casting small objects .
They are probably better known today as the tough material given to parakeets and other pet birds as a source of calcium for their diets .
Cuttlefish are sometimes called the chameleon of the sea because they are able to change their skin color whenever they want .
Their skin can flash a colorful pattern in order to communicate with other cuttlefish and to camouflage them from predators .
There are up to 200 of these special pigment cells per square millimeter .
A cuttlefish 's heart must pump a more blood than most other animals because hemocyanin is not as good at carrying oxygen as hemoglobin is .
Cuttlefish have mouths like squid and octopuses .
Cuttlebones are traditionally used by jewellers and silversmiths as moulds for casting small objects .
They are probably better known today as the tough material given to parakeets and other cage birds as a source of dietary calcium .
Cuttlefish are sometimes called the chameleon of the sea because of their remarkable ability to rapidly change their skin color at will .
There are up to 200 of these specialized pigment cells per square millimeter .
The iridophores reflect blue and green light .
A cuttlefish 's heart must pump a higher blood flow than most other animals because hemocyanin is substantially less capable of carrying oxygen than hemoglobin .
All of them have been grouped in the family Nautilidae .
This is the only family of the suborder Nautilina .
Nautiluses are the only cephalopods whose bony structure of the body is externalized as a shell .
The animal can withdraw completely into its shell .
It can the close the opening with a leathery hood formed from two specially folded tentacles .
The shell is internally divided into chambers .
The chambered section is called the phragmocone .
The phragmocone is divided into camerae by septa .
The nautilus shell is one of the finest natural examples of a logarithmic spiral .
It is sometimes incorrectly claimed to be a golden spiral as well .
Nautiluses are the sole cephalopods whose bony structure of the body is externalized as a shell .
The nautilus shell presents one of the finest natural examples of a logarithmic spiral .
The males only mate once in their short lifetime .
The females are iteroparous .
This shell has a double keel fringed by two rows of alternating tubercles .
The beaks of Argonauta species are distinctive .
They are characterised by a very small rostrum and a fold that runs to the lower edge or near the free corner .
Argonaut beaks are most similar to those of Ocythoe tuberculata and Vitreledonella richardi .
Argonauts exhibit extreme sexual dimorphism in size and lifespan .
This shell possesses a double keel fringed by two rows of alternating tubercles .
Argonauts are capable of changing their color .
Argonauts are capable of altering their color .
Camouflage is the method which allows to make it very difficult to see an organism or object that normally could be seen very well .
The method is to adapt it so much to its surrounding environment that it can not be detected without special concentration .
Camouflage is a form of .
Camouflage is the method which allows an otherwise visible organism or object to remain indiscernible from the surrounding environment .
Camouflage is a form of deception .
Camouflage is the method to make it very difficult to see an organism or object that normally could be seen very well .
For prey animals it is important not be seen by predators and for predators it is important to be able to look for prey without beeing seen .
Natural camouflage is one method that animals use to come to this result .
Camouflage is the method which allows to make it very difficult to see an organism or object that normally could be seen very well .
Natural camouflage is one method that animals use to meet these .
This is called procryptic behavior or habit .
Camouflage is disguise for something normally visible .
They are very hard to see .
For prey animals it is important not be seen by predators .
For predators it is important to be able to look for prey without being seen .
Another way is for the animal to itself as something harmless .
Other animals attach natural materials to their body for concealment .
A few animals change color in changing environments .
Camouflage makes it difficult to see something that normally could be seen very well .
One way is to change how it looks so that it looks so much like its surrounding environment that it can not be seen without special concentration .
For prey animals it is important not be seen by predators and for predators it is important to be able to look for prey without being seen .
Natural camouflage is one way to do this .
Other animals attach or attract natural materials to their body for concealment .
Prey animals hide from predators .
Predators must search for prey without being seen .
For prey animals it is important not be seen by predators .
For predators it is important to be able to look for prey without being seen .
Echinodermata is the largest animal phylum which has no freshwater or terrestrial representatives .
Echinodermata is the largest animal phylum to lack any freshwater or terrestrial representatives .
Some feather stars and sea cucumbers can swim .
A starfish arm cut off will regenerate .
Most of the adults have radial symmetry .
All the groups have second and third stage larvae .
There is no geological evidence about the origin of echinoderms .
This means they often look like stars .
The ring will bring death to whoever has it .
The ring will bring death to whomever has it .
Desalinisation is a name used for various processes .
These processes can lower the quantity of salt or minerals which are present in water .
Desalination of brackish water is done in the United States to meet treaty obligations for river water entering Mexico .
Filtering with membranes .
The membrane acts like a sieve .
Use geothermal energy to treat the water .
Desalination of brackish water is done in the United States in order to meet treaty obligations for river water entering Mexico .
These processes take most of the salt or minerals out of seawater .
The United States has signed treaties with Mexico that oblige the United States to desalinize the water .
It can produce 300 million cubic meters of water per year .
Water is driven across the membrane by osmotic pressure .
Forward osmosis systems require no energy inputs .
Some desalization plants use the same energy more than once .
The combined facility consumes less fuel than would be needed by two separate facilities .
There is a pilot plant in the former USSR .
It is also expensive to transport massive amounts of desalinated seawater throughout the interiors of large countries .
The saline brine produced by desalinization plants causes marine pollution .
Desalinated water is also expensive in places that are far from the sea and somewhat high .
All desalinization methods produce a toxic waste product that the US Environmental Protection Agency has classified as industrial wastes .
This toxic waste can harm ecosystems and marine animals .
In the past many new desalination techniques have tried .
These processes can lower the quantity of salt or minerals which are present in water .
Desalination of brackish water is done in the United States to meet treaty obligations for river water entering Mexico .
Several Middle Eastern countries have energy reserves so great that they use desalinated water for agriculture .
Use geothermal energy to treat the water .
Water is driven across the membrane by osmotic pressure created by food grade concentrate on the clean side of the membrane .
Forward osmosis systems are passive in that they require no energy inputs .
There are circumstances in which it may be possible to use the same energy more than once .
With cogeneration this occurs as energy drops from a high level of activity to an ambient level .
The main advantage being that a combined facility can consume less fuel than would be needed by two separate facilities .
In the past many new desalination techniques have been researched with varying degrees of success .
Some are still on the drawing board now while others have attracted research funding .
Other approaches involve the use of geothermal energy .
Navy blue or navy is a dark shade of the color blue .
Navy blue or navy is a very dark shade of the color blue .
The Chilean government heard of the child prodigy and quickly organised to have him sent to Germany to study with the best music teachers .
Later in life Arrau became an important teacher of the piano and taught some of the most famous pianists in the world .
Throughout his career he won the highest awards for piano playing .
The chilean government heard of the child prodigy and quickly organised to have him sent to Germany to study with the best teachers in the music field .
Later in life Arrau became an important teacher of the piano and taught some of the most famous pianists in the World .
Throughout his career he won the highest awards in his field .
The war changed politics in the Middle East and world wide .
The role of the United States in the war was important too .
The war is also noted for Iraq 's use of chemical weapons and biological weapons against Iranian troops and .
The war is also notable in regards to the United States involvement .
During the Shah 's reign before the revolution of 1979 in Iran the United States supplied his regime militarily and politcally .
People who think like this are said to think in nationalist way .
Some freedom fighters damage the opposing military .
For example the Mahatma Gandhi and theDalai Lama .
People who thinks like this thinks in nationalist way .
Some freedom fighters damages the opposing military .
For example Mahatma Gandhi and Dalai Lama are like that .
People who think like this are said to think in a nationalist way .
People who think like this are said to think in nationalist way .
The brothers Max and Igor Cavalera started it in Belo Horizonte in 1984 .
It 's infinite but if you counted forever you would n't miss any of the numbers out .
Sometimes when people say countable set they mean countable and infinite .
Sometimes when people say countable set they mean countable and infinite .
Scarlet may represent sin .
Scarlet represents sensual pleasure and fun .
Scarlet is the color worn in traditional academic regalia for those awarded doctorates .
Stars on the main sequence intermediate between spectral classes M and K would look scarlet to human eyes .
The Scarlet Crusade is a fictional group of religious zealots from the Warcraft universe .
Scarlett O'Hara is the chief protagonist of Margaret Mitchell 's epic American Civil War novel Gone with the Wind .
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police wear a scarlet jacket as part of their full ceremonial dress uniform .
Scarlet is the branch color of the United States Army Field Artillery Corps .
Scarlet was a UK rock band of the mid 1990s .
The official colors of Boston University are Scarlet and White .
The official colors of Christian Brothers University are Scarlet and Grey .
The official colors of The Ohio State University are Scarlet and Grey .
The Ferrari F1 racing team color is scarlet .
The nickname of the Rutgers University athletic teams is the Scarlet Knights .
Captain Scarlet is the main character in the Gerry Anderson children 's television production of the same name .
Scarlet is the name of one of the Shinra executives from Final Fantasy 7 .
Scarlet represents night clubs and partying .
Unions do many things for their members .
When the katana began to be widely used the tachi sword became a court sword for ceremonies .
It looks very richly decorated with traditional cord wrappings and a specially designed handle .
The strongly curved blade also made it easy to make slicing blows .
Even if the tachi is a very long sword it is light enough to be handled with one hand .
The tachi had a long enough hilt to hold it with two hands .
Not all tachi were the standard size .
The experts explain that Samurai made the smallest possible moves with their tachi to kill the enemy .
When katana began to be widely used the tachi sword became a court sword for ceremonies .
It looks very richly decorated with traditional cord wrappings and specially designed handle .
The strongly curved blade also made comfortable to apply slicing blows .
Even if the tachi is a very long sword it is light enough to be handled with a single hand .
The tachi had a long enough hilt to handle it with two hands .
If a tachi had unusual size it was renamed .
It is worth mentioning that the museum exemplars of tachi swords have one or more chips along the back of the sword while the cutting edge looks almost untouched and mirror polished .
The experts explain that Samurai made minimal moves with his tachi to eliminate the opponent .
Older PDAs used alkaline batteries which the user would have to take out and replace when they ran out .
These batteries are rechargeable .
This makes the battery run out faster .
The batteries are rechargeable .
He came up with the idea of a mathematical function .
He invented the idea of a mathematical function .
Euler is considered to be the most important mathematician of the 18th century and one of the greatest of all time .
He is also one of the mathematicians who wrote the most .
Euler subsequently won this coveted annual prize twelve times in his career .
The band was started by Gerard Way and Matt Pelissier .
The band 's name comes from an Irvine Welsh book .
Mikey started playing bass with them .
However the band is not an emo band .
He went to practice in their attic and ended up being blown away by the style of music and writing Gerard had done .
After a couple weeks a practicing there was an obvious energy they felt playing together .
He happened to be in another band that had helped them get some of their first shows .
When the band broke up their first instinct was to use him .
Frank was already a fan of the band and an excellent guitar player .
They were all in that stage of their life where you are kind of at that crossroads where you can either go one way or another .
It worked out that they could all come together and form My Chemical Romance .
They were extremely lucky to find each other and are even luckier to be where they are now .
My Chemical Romance is a punk rock band from New Jersey .
They have released three albums .
Their latest album is The Black Parade .
It was released in 2006 .
They are sometimes regarded as being an emo band .
Their lead singer is Gerard Way .
The band was started by Gerard Way the day of the Twin Towers disaster after he was enroute to work and saw the bodies falling from the building .
He thought to himself what am I doing with my life ?
Gerard 's brother Mikey Way proceeded to learn Bass guitar in order to join his brothers new band .
The tarsiers are strepsirhine primates .
Tarsiers are nocturnal .
The tarsiers are prosimian primates .
Most tarsiers are nocturnal .
These bridges were an important part on the Inca road system and are an excellent example of Inca in engineering .
These bridges were an important part on the Inca road system and are an excellent example of Inca innovation in engineering .
The construction of these bridges amounted to a pair of stone anchors on each side of the canyon with massive cables of woven ichu grass linking these two pylons together .
Part of the bridge 's strength and reliability came from the fact that each cable was replaced every year by local villagers as part of their mita public service or obligation .
The greatest bridges of this kind resided in the Apurimac Canyon along the main road north from Cuzco .
Even though there is a modern bridge nearby the folk in the region keep the ancient tradition and skills alive by renewing the bridge .
The Inca Empire began in the highlands of Peru around 1197 .
That meant the beginning of Spanish rule in South America .
The Inca Empire was supported by an economy based on the ownership of the land .
The Inca Empire arose from the highlands of Peru around 1197 .
It was supported by an economy based on the collective ownership of the land .
Montauban got city status in 1144 .
Most Bastides where built in the countryside .
A few of them were built in positions which are easy to defend .
When bastides were founded most had no city walls or fortifications .
This was because it was a peaceful period of history .
A plan of what the city should look like is drawn .
Based on a given legal status .
A few poor noblemen did nevertheless .
Those that are left see an economic growth that fundamentally changes the way southeastern France is organised .
Those that are left see an economic growth that fundamentally changes how southeastern France is organised .
Montauban became a city in 1144 .
Montauban got city status in 1144 .
Very often they are found on flat land .
There is one main street that links the two gates .
The square is often made by making the main street bigger .
This layout is very easy to change to fit in with the local landscape .
The city square is made between the two streets .
These are quite common .
There is one principal street that links the two gates .
The square very often is made by enlarging the main street .
This layout is very easy to adapt to the geography .
They are medieval cities .
There are historic documents written about them .
They are cities in the medieval sense of the word .
There is an act of foundation .
There are source text referring to them .
A few of them were built in places which were very easy to defend .
The time when they were built was a peaceful one in the region .
A few of them were built in positions which are easy to defend .
The period when they were built was a peaceful one in the region .
The square is also used to the city into quarters .
The square is placed between two roads .
These squares are usually to on each side .
Generally the place in the bastide was used for the square .
The central element of all bastides is a central place .
The place is also used to divide the city into quarters .
Generally it lies outside the axis of traffic .
In that case the square is between two roads .
Typical such squares are to on each side .
Generally the flattest location available was chosen for the square .
This was because it was a peaceful time in history .
This was because it was a peaceful period of history .
A number of bastides were successful and still exist today .
Those that do not disappear from the map during the war .
A certain number of bastides were successful and still exist today .
There is the Hundred Years ' War .
Insecurity forces those bastides that are left to build city walls .
The slowest of them disappear from the map during the war .
Bastides along these roads profit enormously .
The social system was very fixed and unchanging during the Middle Ages .
The system of laws of the Middle Ages was built on the fact that society did not change .
Everyone had their place in the system and they stayed there .
The lords who built the bastide did not want to change the social system .
All they wanted was small local improvements .
The lords that owned the land did were not making much money from it .
A few poor noblemen did anyway .
Men and women did not have equal rights .
Social norms were very strict in the Middle Ages .
The system of laws of the Middle Ages was built on the fact the norms were not changed .
The lords who built the bastide did not want to change these norms .
All they wanted was small local changes .
The lords that owned the land did not get much profit from it .
A few poor noblemen did nevertheless .
In the 19th and 20th centuries people left the countryside to move to the cities .
In the 19th and 20th centuries people leave the countryside to move to the cities .
Camouflage became an important part of modern military tactics when fire weapons improved at the end of the 19th century .
But armies continued to use bright colors and impressive designs until the 20th century .
During World War I camouflage became a common feature .
Camouflage became an essential part of modern military tactics after the increase in accuracy and rate of fire of weapons at the end of the 19th century .
Wikipedia also uses the IPA to show how certain words are meant to be spoken .
The IPA has symbols only for sounds that are used normally in spoken languages .
The Extended IPA is used to write down other sounds .
These teachers used the Romic alphabet at first .
They later changed the alphabet so that different languages would all write the same sounds with the same letters .
The IPA is made to have one symbol for each sound .
It is also used on Wikipedia pages to help the user know how certain words are meant to be spoken .
Symbols are always in brackets like this when the IPA is used .
At the time of the Domesday Book in 1086 the county was said to form part of Yorkshire .
At the time of the Domesday Book in 1086 the county was considered to form part of Yorkshire .
It was an administrative county from 1889 to 1974 and now is part of Cumbria .
It formed an administrative county from 1889 to 1974 and now forms part of Cumbria .
They believed that aether was all around us and that it also filled the vacuum of space .
They did this with a device called an interferometer .
The interferometer was designed to measure the speed and direction of the aether wind by measuring the difference between the speed of light traveling in different directions .
It measured this difference by shining a beam of light into a mirror that was only partially coated in silver .
They believed that aether was all around us and also filled the vacuum of space .
They did this by using a device to using mirrors to split a beam of light and then combine it back together .
Once combined beam could them be looked at to see any effect that happened to the separate beams .
The device was made to measure how this moving substance would effect the speed of beam of light .
The device would bounce a beam of light into a mirror that was only partially coated in silver .
Part of the beam of light would be reflected and the rest would pass through the mirror .
Those two parts would be reflected by mirrors back to where they were split apart and would be put back into one beam of light .
It often results when bacteria break down organic matter in the absence of oxygen .
This is the smell that people often think to be that of sulfur .
But sulfur itself does not smell .
IUPAC accepts the names hydrogen sulfide and sulfane .
When people speak of more complicated compounds they always use the term sulfane .
Being a noob is usually not a good thing .
Being a noob is generally not a good thing .
Being a noob is usually not a good thing .
A person new to a game is often referred as a Newbie .
The word can also be used to talk about a young player .
To behave like a noob will often mean getting disrespect and lack of interest from other players .
The word noob or newbie originated in World War II .
It was a word veterans used to describe new recruits .
Feudalism is a system by which a nobility of warriors ruled Europe during the Middle Ages .
Feudalism means a system by which a nobility of warriors ruled Europe during the Middle Ages .
Feudalism is a system of land and duties used in the Middle Ages .
All the land in the kingdom was the king 's .
These presents of land were called manors .
Then the nobles gave some of their land to vassals .
The vassals then had to do duties for the nobles .
The lands of vassals were called fiefs .
Feudalism is a system by which a nobility of warriors ruled Europe during the Middle Ages .
Some experts think that this may be where wine was produced for the first time .
Some experts speculate that this maybe the birthplace of wine production .
On the western edge of the island is Colombier beach .
This beach is only reachable by boat or a hike .
It was sold to Sweden in 1785 .
Sweden sold it back to France in 1878 .
The population density is 326 inh .
To date the team has not achieved competitive success .
The island also competes in carotchie .
Hispaniola was the only island that Columbus visited in all his four travels to the Americas .
Columbus left 39 men there because there was not space in the other two ships for all the people .
It is the oldest permanent European city in the Americas .
Hispaniola was the only island that Christopher Columbus visited on all his four voyages to the continent .
Fossils of Carcharodontosaurus were found in North Africa .
Fossils of Carcharodontosaurus was found in North Africa .
The fruit of Capsicum plants have a variety of names .
The names vary depending on place and type .
The fruit of Capsicum plants have a variety of names depending on place and type .
The only pepper without capsaicin is the bell pepper .
Lamb served as Irish Secretary in the government .
His family home was in Melbourne in Derbyshire .
Melbourne in Australia is named after William Lamb .
Melbourne became Home Secretary during Lord Grey 's government .
Grey resigned in 1834 and Melbourne became Prime Minister .
Melbourne was dismissed by King William IV who wanted the Tory party .
He helped her learn about how the government worked .
Melbourne helped to reduce the number of people killed for doing crimes .
Melbourne also made changes to local government .
Melbourne resigned in 1841 .
Lamb served as Irish Secretary during his time in parliament .
Melbourne became Home Secretary during the government of Lord Grey .
Melbourne was dismissed by King William IV quickly who favored the Tory party .
He helped her learn about how the British government worked .
Melbourne also made reforms in local government .
Melbourne resigned in August of 1841 .
Melbourne was dismissed by King William IV who wanted the Robert Peel 's party .
Melbourne was dismissed by King William IV who wanted the Tory party .
The nervous system is a system in the body .
It is present in most animals .
The nervous system is present in most animals .
Big parts of swamps are always inundated with water .
Swamps are nesting and breeding grounds for birds and other animals .
Large parts of swamps are permanently inundated with water .
Fauna and Flora have adapted to this .
Swamps are important ecosystems as nesting and breeding grounds for birds and other animals .
Big parts of swamps are often flooded with water .
Big parts of swamps are always inundated with water .
Buoyancy is made by the difference in pressure put on the object by the Fluid or air that the object is in .
Bicycles and horses should be allowed on the same trails where the trail is wide enough with good visibility .
A hard trail surface and drainage is a critically important issue on horse trails because of the relatively greater bearing impact of the horse 's hoof on the trail than a hiker 's foot .
Examples include the Ashuwillticook Rail Trail in Berkshire County and the Northern RailTrail of New Hampshire .
The rules and requlations for a trail are written and enforced by the land management agency in charge of the trail .
New trail construction by an agency must often be assessed for its environmental impact and conformance with State or Federal laws .
In the British Isles many trails and footpaths are of ancient origin and are protected under law as rights of way .
A common mistake in establishing trails is to make them on slopes that are too steep for comfort and the environment .
The best trail designs eliminate switchbacks .
Achieving the proper slope in hilly terrain usually requires the excavation of sidehill trail .
Using timbers or rocks for this purpose also creates erosion barriers .
Rock paving in the bottom of these channels and in the trailside ditches may help to maintain stability of these .
These provide positive drainage points that are almost never clogged by debris .
The Appalachian Trail is blazed with white rectangles .
Blue is often used for side trails .
European walking paths are blazed with yellow points encircled with red .
Final Fantasy XII takes place in Dalmasca .
A military engineer is responsible for preparing the technical conditions for warfare .
That includes producing defensive elements and the construction and destruction of bridges .
In some cases an engineer may have to destroy something that he has built before .
In modern times a military engineer that operates during battle and under fire is called a combat engineer .
Perhaps the first people to have a special force of military engineering specialists were the Romans .
Their army included a corps of military engineers known as architecti .
In some cases an engineer may be required to destroy something that that same engineer designed and constructed .
In modern times a military engineer that usually operates during battle and under fire is called a combat engineer .
That means he produces defensive elements like trenches and he builds and destroys roads and bridges .
In modern times a military engineer that operates during battle is called a combat engineer .
Perhaps the first people who had a special force of military engineering specialists were the Romans .
Roman military engineering was very good in its time .
That includes producing defensive elements and the construction and destruction of bridges .
In modern times a military engineer that operates during battle and under fire is called a combat engineer .
Perhaps the first people to have a special force of military engineering specialists were the Romans .
A military engineer prepares the technical conditions for warfare .
That means he builds trenches and other helps for defense and builds and destroys roads and bridges .
A military engineer is responsible for preparing the technical conditions for warfare .
That means he produces defensive elements like trenches and he builds and destroys roads and bridges .
Their army included a corps of military engineers known as architecti .
A military engineer uses his knowledge and skills to help soldiers in times of warfare .
That means he builds trenches and other things for defense .
They may also build and destroy roads and bridges .
This may be to stop the enemy soldiers following them across the river for example .
A military engineer prepares the technical conditions for warfare .
That means he builds trenches and other helps for defense and builds and destroys roads and bridges .
A military engineer uses his skills in construction to build different structures for warfare .
These different structures can be made for either offense or defense .
Other jobs include building and taking apart minefields and bridges .
Today a military engineer that operates during battle is called a combat engineer .
You can help Wikipedia by .
A military engineer uses his knowledge and skills to help soldiers in times of warfare .
That means he builds trenches and other things for defense .
They may also build and destroy roads and bridges .
In modern times a military engineer that operates during battle is called a combat engineer .
A military engineer uses his skills in construction to build many different structures for warfare .
A military engineer uses his skills in construction to build different structures for warfare .
A speciality contract is a legal document that must be written or printed and signed by everyone involved in an agreement for a certain purpose .
A speciality contract may have witnesses and a seal .
A speciality contract is a legal that must be written or printed and signed by everyone involved in an important agreement .
The contract must be signed by all the people who are involved .
A speciality contract is a legal that must be written or printed and signed by everyone involved in an agreement for a certain purpose .
The contract must be signed by the parties .
Escaped convicts supplies from remote farms and people traveling along the roads .
He was reported in newspapers around 1827 as being responsible for bushranging on the road between Sydney and Windsor .
In the 1830s he was regarded as the worst bushranger in the colony .
Indigenous Australian bushranger Musquito led attacks on settlers .
The bushrangers were busiest during the Gold Rush years of the 1850s and 1860s .
The goldfields were in remote places and there were not very many police to guard the gold .
In 1900 the Governor Brothers scared many people in the north of New South Wales .
The first bushrangers were escaped convicts .
They stole supplies from remote settlements and travellers .
He was reported in newspapers around 1827 as being responsible for an outbreak of bushranging on the road between Sydney and Windsor .
Throughout the 1830s he was regarded as the most notorious bushranger in the colony .
Indigenous outlaw Musquito defied colonial authorities and led attacks on settlers .
The bushrangers ' heyday was the Gold Rush years of the 1850s and 1860s .
The goldfields were in remote locations and there were not very many police to guard the gold .
In 1900 the Governor Brothers terrorised much of northern New South Wales .
Standard deviation is a concept in statistics that tells you how spread out a set of values is .
It can be calculated by considering how far away each value is from the average of all the values .
Standard deviation can be used to measure how consistent or how precise a set of data is .
Find the average of all the values .
Square the deviation for each value .
Find the average of all these squared deviations .
Find the square root of that average .
Standard deviation is a concept from statistics .
It tells how the values are grouped around the mean .
It is the average of a set of numbers ' difference from the mean .
Find the mean of all the data points .
Subtract the mean from each data point .
Square the deviation for each data point .
Average all these squared deviations .
Find the square root .
Standard deviation can be used to evaluate the precision or consistency of a set of data .
The book starts with Voldemort and his Death Eaters Lucius Malfoy 's home .
They are planning how to kill Harry Potter before he can be hidden again .
He killed him for for teaching the subject and suggesting that the end of pureblooded wizards was a good thing .
Soon thereafter the Order of the Phoenix arrive with a plan to sneak Harry away from his house without Voldemort capturing him .
Harry disguises himself for the wedding .
During the wedding Voldemort takes over the Ministry of Magic .
Eventually they realize that Mundungus Fletcher stole the amulet and send Kreacher to find Fletcher and bring back the amulet .
They ambush three wizards and use Polyjuice Potion to impersonate them .
After several months of moving around they overhear a conversation wherein it is revealed that Godric Gryffindor 's sword in possession of the Ministry is actually a fake .
Harry strips down and dives down after the sword but the locket Horcrux responds poorly and tries to strangle Harry .
The two then destroy the Horcrux with the sword and return to camp .
Only Harry is worthy of possessing the Hallows .
Ron and Hermione have two children named Rose and Hugo .
Draco Malfoy has a child named Scorpius .
Neville Longbottom has become the Herbology Professor at Hogwarts .
It has been confirmed by JK Rowling that two characters will die .
They believe in telling the truth and kindness .
There are almost 100 million Falun Gong followers in China .
Many people who practice Falun Gong have been arrested or even killed .
This is because the Communist party wants to keep ruling China .
There were almost 100 million Falun Gong followers in China .
Many people who practice Falun Gong have been killed and tortured .
This is because the Communist party wants to keep its rule .
They thought that Falun Gong tried to take this role away from the Party .
That is why the Party has acted in the way they did .
The Party is concerned with keeping power and control over all of the people in China .
There were almost 100 million Falun Gong followers in China .
Many people who practice Falun Gong have been killed and tortured .
This is because the Communist party wants to keep its rule .
They thought that Falun Gong tried to take this role away from the Party .
That is why the Party has acted in the way they did .
The Party is concerned with keeping power and control over all of the people in China .
They believe in telling the truth and kindness .
There are almost 100 million Falun Gong followers in China .
Many people who practice Falun Gong have been arrested or even killed .
This is because the Communist party wants to keep ruling China .
A fossil is any kind of life that is more than ten thousand years old and preserved in any form so we can study it today .
Paleontology generally refers to paleozoology .
Any organism that is ten thousand years old and preserved in any form on earth gets the status of a fossil .
Paleontology or Palaeontology is the study of fossils such as those of prehistoric animals and plants .
Paleontology generally refers to paleozoology .
The northern and western edges of the Cotswolds are marked by steep slopes down to the Severn valley and the Avon .
These are a result of the broken edge of the limestone layer .
The northern and western edges of the Cotswolds are marked by steep escarpments down to the Severn valley and the Avon .
The dip slope is to the southeast .
Muslims say it before changing positions during their prayers .
Muslims say it before changing positions during there prayers .
The tertiary colors are the same for both color wheels .
There are three primary colors .
The tertiary colors are the same for both the printer 's color wheel and the electronic color wheel .
The tertiary colors are the same for both color wheels .
There are also no restrictions on the size of the playing squad or restrictions of players from other countries .
There were also no restrictions on the size of the playing squad or restrictions of players from other countries .
The idea of splitting from the league was from a similar event in 1992 with the start of the English Premiership .
The SPL has been home to many important events .
This was inspired by a similar event in 1992 with the creation of the English Premiership .
The SPL has been home to many notable events .
This means that many games are stopped because of the damage to the football clubs pitch and very bad weather .
This caused arguments as the chairmen of the SPL clubs voted against this idea .
The only rule on signing players is with general Scottish employment law .
Once all the games have been played the team at the top of the league wins the SPL trophy .
This has resulted in the cancellation of many matches because of the damage to the football clubs pitch and very bad weather .
This caused controversy as the chairmen of the SPL clubs voted against this idea .
The only regulations on signing players is with general Scottish employment law .
The ten clubs withdrew their resignations in January 2003 after an agreement was reached to change the voting rules and to change the way the money from TV was given out to the SPL teams .
The ten clubs withdrew their resignations in January 2003 after an agreement was reached to change the voting procedures and to change the way the money from TV was given out to the SPL teams .
The East Midlands is one of the regions of England and is the eastern half of the Midlands .
The M1 motorway also serves the three largest cities .
The East Midlands is one of the regions of England and consists of most of the eastern half of the traditional region of the Midlands .
The M1 motorway also serves the three largest conurbations .
Midland Mainline and GNER trains go to London and to Birmingham and the South West .
The M1 motorway serves the three largest cities .
The M1 motorway also serves the three largest cities .
The most well known version is by the Brothers Grimm .
Earlier versions can be found in Italy in the 14th century and as far back as stories dealing with Thor in Norse mythology .
She is taking food to her grandmother .
The wolf tells the girl to pick some flowers .
When the girl goes into grandmother 's house the wolf eats the girl too .
He saves the grandmother and the girl who are still alive .
Some people think the story seems to be describing rape .
Some people also see a warning in the story against being raped .
Roald Dahl made a very funny poem about Little Red Riding Hood .
It is in his collection Revolting Rhymes .
The most well known version if by the Brothers Grimm .
Earlier versions can be traced to Italy in the 14th century and as far back as stories dealing with Thor in Norse mythology .
She brings food to her grandmother .
The wolf eats the girl too .
He saves the grandmother and the girl 's life .
Some people have seen the sexual connotations of the story to be a description of rape .
Some people also see a warning against being raped in the story .
A great battle of that war occurred in the area around us where we are meeting today .
We are here to dedicate a part of it as a cemetery for the soldiers who died here so that our nation could continue to live .
A great battle of that war occurred in the area where we are meeting here today .
We are here to dedicate a part of it as a cemetery for the soldiers who died so that our nation could continue to live .
Lincoln received official notice of his invitation to join only 17 days before the ceremony .
She had been there when she was 19 years old .
Garry Wills argued that this story was not true .
Garry Wills felt that Lincoln had done what he wanted to do Gettysburg .
Wills asked that a National Cemetery be supported by the states .
There are also several reports of Lincoln finishing his speech while he was a guest of David Wills at Gettysburg .
People are not sure about the exact place of the program inside the cemetery .
There is a popular story that Lincoln completed his address on the train on the back of an envelope .
This is not true .
There are also reports of Lincoln finishing his speech while he was a guest of David Wills in Gettysburg .
People are not sure about the exact place of the program inside the grounds of the cemetery .
Their first idea was to buy land for a cemetery .
Wills asked that a National Cemetery be supported by the states .
Anger about Lincoln 's draft became highest with the New York Draft Riots .
Hatred for Lincoln 's draft became highest with the New York Draft Riots .
The existence of the Hay Copy was first announced in 1906 .
The Battle of Gettysburg was an important influence on the American Civil War .
The Battle of Gettysburg was an important influence on the Civil War .
This included the governors of six of the 24 Union states .
People are not sure about the exact place where the dedication ceremony was held inside the cemetery .
This included the sitting governors of six of the 24 Union states .
People are not sure about the exact place of the program inside the cemetery .
The speech famously begins with Four score and seven years ago .
The speech famously begins with Four score and seven years ago .
It is about the American Revolution in 1776 .
Lincoln spoke of how humans were equal as said in the Declaration of Independence .
The five known of the Gettysburg Address are different from one another in some details .
Anger about Lincoln 's draft became highest with the New York Draft Riots .
That was the greatest purpose of Lincoln 's Address at Gettysburg .
Lincoln 's short speech became known in history as one of the best examples of English public speeches .
Long Road to Gettysburg .
The Bliss copy has become the most widely accepted text of Lincoln 's Gettysburg Address .
Much argument about its existence and origins .
This is to protect the documents from oxidation .
The Nicolay Copy is often called the first draft .
This is because it is thought to be the earliest copy that exists .
Scholars are not sure if the Nicolay Copy was actually the copy Lincoln read from at Gettysburg on November 19 .
The Hay Copy was probably made on the morning of the delivery of the Address .
The people who believe it was completed on the morning of his address note that it has some expressions that are not in the first draft but are in the reports of the address and in later copies by Lincoln .
It is in the Treasures Gallery of the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum .
Eyewitnesses reports about Lincoln 's performance are various .
She had been there when she was 19 years old .
Garry Wills argued that this story was not true .
Other public reaction to the speech was different according to each party .
NPR allows people to hear the record around Lincoln 's birthday .
The Gettysburg Address shows an important interpretation of the Declaration of Independence that is still remembered and used .
Lincoln spoke of how humans were equal as spelled out in the Declaration of Independence .
The five known of the Gettysburg Address differ from one another in some respects .
There are several early copies on Executive Mansion paper and reports of Lincoln finishing his speech while he was a guest of David Wills at Gettysburg .
Anger about Lincoln 's draft culminated in the New York Draft Riots .
That was the ultimate purpose of Lincoln 's Address at Gettysburg .
Lincoln 's short speech became known in history as the epitome of English public speeches .
The Long Road to Gettysburg .
Each of the five manuscript copies of the Gettysburg Address are named for the person who received it from Lincoln .
Its existence and origins were questioned .
The Nicolay Copy is often called the first draft because it is considered the earliest copy that exists .
Scholars are not sure if the Nicolay Copy was actually the copy from which Lincoln read at Gettysburg on November 19 .
It had been found among the papers of John Hay when people were searching for the original first manuscript of the Address .
This version has been described as the most inexplicable unexplainable of the drafts .
The Hay Copy was probably made on the morning of the delivery of the Address .
Those who believe it was completed on the morning of his address note that it has some expressions that are not in the first draft but are in the reports of the Address and in later copies by Lincoln .
Eyewitness reports about Lincoln 's performance are various .
She attended the address when she was 19 years old .
There is a story that Lincoln turned to his bodyguard Ward Hill Lamon and said that his speech wo n't scour successful .
Garry Wills argued that this story was false .
Other public reactions to the speech were different according to each party .
NPR allows the public to hear the recording around Lincoln 's birthday .
The Gettysburg Address shows an important interpretation of the Declaration of Independence that is still remembered and retained .
Yet at least three reporters telegraphed the words of the Gettysburg Address with the words under God included .
It is the only version Lincoln put his signature on .
It is also the last he is known to have written .
Lincoln 's 1863 were not popular .
Anger about Lincoln 's draft became highest with the New York Draft Riots .
Violence can also mean how intense something is .
Violence conotates severity or intensity The hurricane was a violent storm .
A passive response may the wrong response when your neighbor 's house is in fire .
Violence is when someone hurts someone else .
Violence is when someone tries to hurt someone else .
Violence is a term used to describe attacking people .
It is the opposite of friendly behavior .
Maradona was selected by a vote on the internet but FIFA believed there was a problem with this and chose to select both players for the title .
Maradona was selected by a vote using the internet but FIFA beleived there was a problem with this and chose to select both players for the title .
In Cicero 's time these records were called Annales Maximi .
The practice of writing annals was carried on by several unofficial writers .
In the Middle Ages in the Western Church there were written tables to show that date of Easter for a certain number of years or even centuries .
In these spaces some monks wrote down the important events of the year .
These records were called in Cicero 's time the Annales Maximi .
The nature of the distinction between annals and history is a subject that has received more attention from critics than its intrinsic importance deserves .
In these spaces certain monks briefly noted the important events of the year .
In modern literature the title annals has been given to a large number of standard works which adhere more or less strictly to the order of years .
He introduced Greek philosophy to the Romans .
He was also homosexual .
Wallachia was a former state which is now part of Romania .
These may have served as the inspiration for the vampire main character in Bram Stoker 's popular Dracula novel .
His father was a member of the Order of the Dragon created by Emperor Sigismund .
Outside Wallachia he was known by the exaggerated tales of atrocities .
Many of these tales come from records of debatable authenticity .
Sighi oara was a military fortress at that time .
These years had a great influence on Vlad .
They shaped Vlad 's character .
He was often whipped by his Ottoman captors for being stubborn and rude .
Vlad 's father was assassinated in the marshes near B lteni in December of 1447 by rebellious boyars .
These were allegedly under the orders of John Hunyadi .
Bogdan was assassinated .
Vlad took a chance and fled to Hungary .
Both campaigns were successful .
Hunyadi suddenly died of the plague .
Vlad 's father was assassinated in the marshes near B lteni in December of 1447 by rebellious boyars allegedly under the orders of John Hunyadi .
The identity of Vlad Dracula 's mother is somewhat uncertain .
Wallachia used to be a state which is now part of Romania .
These may have given ideas for the vampire main character in Bram Stoker 's popular Dracula novel .
Wallachia was a former state which is now part of Romania .
These may have served as the inspiration for the vampire main character in Bram Stoker 's popular Dracula novel .
Dr culea then means Son of the Dragon .
His father was Vlad II Dracul .
His father was a member of the Order of the Dragon created by Emperor Sigismund .
Outside Wallachia he was known by the exaggerated tales of atrocities .
Many of these tales come from records of debatable authenticity .
The crown of Wallachia was not passed automatically from father to son .
This included out of wedlock births .
This caused great damage to the ecosystem .
This resulted in great damage to the ecosystem .
All the shallow waters of the southern end of the sea have been drained in modern times and are now salt flats .
Christianity is the monotheistic religion that is based on the life and teaching of Jesus .
The Church is the institution that was founded by Jesus and his apostles .
In the Middle Ages it spread into Northern Europe and Russia .
The first Christians were more or less all Jewish or Jewish proselytes .
There was the question if they had to become Jewish before becoming Christian .
Stephen and James the Great and expulsion from the synagogues .
Christianity is the monotheistic religion which considers itself based on the revelation of Jesus Christ .
The Church is understood theologically as the institution founded by Jesus for the salvation of mankind .
In the Middle Ages it spread beyond the old borders of the Empire into Northern Europe and Russia .
The first Christians were essentially all ethnically Jewish or Jewish Proselytes .
There reasons to suppose that they were written within a few years of the crucifixion of Jesus and came from the Jerusalem Church .
Christianity kept many practices from jewish tradition .
Christianity retained a great many practices from its ancestral religion .
It includes the time time of persecutions until Christian worship was legalized under Constantine the Great .
This meant even death .
Peter and Paul became martyrs in Rome .
That was seen as treason and punished by execution .
Peter and Paul were each martyred in Rome .
Constantine became the first Christian emperor .
Constantine would become the first Christian emperor .
When Christianity was legalized the Church took the same provinces for administration as the imperial government and called them dioceses .
The Bishop of Rome claimed to be the highest amongst all others and chose the title pope .
That meant that Monophysitism was condemned .
The Pope is the Bishop of Rome and the office is the papacy .
This was based largely on Pope Leo the Great 's Tome .
The Church in the Early Middle Ages saw a transformation of the Roman world rather than a fall of the Roman Empire .
But the Christian religion continued to spread throughout the Mediterranean region .
Peter and Paul became martyrs in Rome .
Baptized shortly before his death .
Baptized shortly prior to his death .
Western culture and Christian churches use the Gregorian calendar .
The Gregorian calendar has been in use since 1582 when it replaced the Julian Calendar .
The Gregorian Calandar added Leap years to make this more correct .
The Gregorian calendar dates years from before or after the birth of Jesus .
There is no year zero .
Most modern scholars believe that the calculation was wrong .
This list tells only about the things that happened in the part of the world where Jesus was born .
This region is now called Israel and Palestine .
Modern scholars now say that it was calculated wrongly .
Quirinius became Governor of Syria .
The reason for this timeline is to give a of Christianity from the beginning to the present .
The purpose of this timeline is to give a detailed account of Christianity from the beginning to the present .
In the context of religion the term has a meaning .
In the context of religion the term is descriptive .
What a majority of followers of an ideology or any kind of organization believe in can also be a dogma .
In the context of religion the term has a meaning .
The duo started in late 1998 by Korean record company SM Entertainment .
The duo was formed in late 1998 by Korean record company SM Entertainment .
Fly to the Sky signed on with PFull Entertainment after their first contract ended in 2004 .
They wanted a smaller label that cared less about money .
Fly to the Sky recorded their sixth studio album Transition in January 2006 .
They said they wanted a smaller label that cared less about money .
It is their most successful album currently .
It is their most successful album to date .
Hamasaki has affected high school girls the most .
She made oversized glasses and fake fox tails popular .
Her cultural impact has influenced mostly high school girls .
She is the popularizer of oversized glasses and fake fox tails .
It features music by Cagnet .
The apple is on the album cover of Love Generation 's soundtrack .
The apple was also on the album cover of Love Generation 's soundtrack .
In 1814 Gallaudet became a preacher .
Blood is rich in proteins .
Blood is rich in nutritients .
It is the county seat of Clarke County .
It is the county seat of Clark County .
It is called anaerobic digestion only if it is and .
He drew a second map in 1528 .
The letter is m and not s because other wikipedias also use m.
He is the second known student of Darth Sidious .
Count Dooku of Serenno is one of the major characters in Attack of the Clones .
He is the second known apprentice of Darth Sidious .
You may be looking for the sport of fencing .
You may be looking for the sport .
The CIS was led by the fallen Jedi Count Dooku .
The armies of the Separatists had thousands of battle droids .
The Separatists stayed a strong power until the rise of the Empire .
The CIS was headed by the fallen Jedi Count Dooku .
The armies of the Seperatists were made up of thousands of battle droids .
The Seperatists would remain a strong power until the rise of the Empire .
Apprenticeship is a system of training people who are learning how to do a job which needs special skill .
Someone who is learning in this way is called an apprentice .
An apprentice will learn by working with someone who is already skilled at a job .
They are like a teacher and pupil .
The system of apprenticeship has been used for many hundreds of years .
In the late Middle Ages the craft guilds and town governments used to watch and control the system .
A master craftsman had the right to employ young people to work for them and pay them a small salary .
In return the apprentice would be learning the trade .
Most of their training is done on the job while working for an employer who helps the apprentices learn their trade .
The system of apprenticeship first developed in the later Middle Ages and came to be supervised by craft guilds and town governments .
A master craftsman had the right to employ young people as an inexpensive form of labor in exchange for providing formal training in the craft .
Modern apprentices can be either gender .
It is the only member of the genus Tachyglossus .
Coloration of the fur and spines varies with geographic location .
Their limbs are short and have strong claws .
The claws on the hind feet are longer and curve backwards to enable cleaning and grooming between the spines .
There is an enormous muscle that is just beneath the skin and covers the entire body .
Retraction requires the contraction of two internal muscles .
This allows the animal to both capture and grind food .
These receptors provide information about the surrounding environment .
It has a highly sensitive optic nerve .
It has been shown to have visual discrimination and spatial memory comparable to those of a rat .
The principal components of the milk are fucosyllactose and saialyllactose .
There have been studies of several aspects of their ecological behavior .
The most common threats to the animal in Australia are cars and habitat destruction .
These have led to localized extinction .
Colouration of the fur and spines varies with geographic location .
The claws on the hind feet are elongated and curve backwards to enable cleaning and grooming between the spines .
The panniculus carnosus is an enormous muscle that is just beneath the skin and covers the entire body .
It is also known as the Spiny Anteater because it eats ants and termites .
It is also known as the Spiny Anteater because of its diet of ants and termites .
Its distinctive snout and a specialized tongue allows the Echidna to catch prey at a great speed .
The species can be found throughout Australia and in coastal and highland regions of southwestern New Guinea .
The monotremes are the only mammals that lay eggs .
He thought it might be related to the South American anteater .
Tachyglossus aculeatus .
The name Tachyglossus means quick tongue .
This is about the speed with which the Echidna uses its tongue to catch ants and termites .
The word aculeatus means spiny or equipped with spines .
The monotremes are the only group of mammals that do .
He thought it was perhaps related to the South American anteater .
This is about the speed with which the echidna uses its tongue to catch ants and termites .
This is about the speed with which the Echidna uses its tongue to catch ants and termites .
Their legs are short and have strong claws .
The claws on the back feet are longer and curve backwards to help cleaning and grooming between the spines .
Their limbs are short and have strong claws .
The claws on the hind feet are longer and curve backwards to enable cleaning and grooming between the spines .
They were also eaten by indigenous Australians and the early European settlers of Australia .
They were eaten by indigenous Australians and the early European settlers of Australia .
The nostrils and the mouth are at the far end of the beak .
The underside and short tail are also covered in fur .
Fur color changes with geographic location .
It can stick out up to 180 mm outside the snout .
Coloration of the fur and spines varies with geographic location .
This area includes Marin County and continues north into Sonoma and Napa counties and eastw to Solano County .
This region is home to a large number of major technology companies .
This area consists of Marin County and extends northward into Sonoma and Napa counties and eastward to Solano County .
This region is home to a vast number of technology sector giants .
Almost seven million people live there .
He was very powerful and influential .
He was assassinated in an airstrike by the Israeli Army after he left a mosque in Gaza in the early morning hours .
He was assassinated in an airstrike by the Israeli Army after he leaving a mosque in Gaza in the early morning hours .
Neuroscience is the scientific study of brain and mind and the whole nervous system .
Neuroscience is a field that is devoted to the scientific study of the nervous system .
Neuroscience is at the frontier of investigation of the brain and mind .
It has a very strong laser cannon that can blow up planets .
It has a very powerful laser cannon that can destroy planets .
The top predators are fish such as tuna and many sharks .
Bioluminescence also occurs in this zone .
This zone is less well known .
Here one will typically find fish such as tuna and many sharks .
But many organisms live in hydrothermal vents in this and other zones .
They are called retractable claws .
This is called retractable claws .
An Introduction to the New Testament .
Robert Eisenman .
John Painter .
Just James .
Francis Watson .
It is often simply called Acts .
Most people think that the author of Acts also wrote the Gospel of Luke .
Many theologians still think so .
It is commonly referred to as simply Acts .
It is almost universally agreed that the author of Acts also wrote the Gospel of Luke .
Satire is a form in art or writing in which people are made to look stupid .
Satire is a form in art or writing in which people are made to look ridiculous .
Bryozoans are tiny colonial animals that generally build stony skeletons of calcium carbonate .
They resemble coral .
Most species of Bryozoan live in marine environments .
There are about 50 species which inhabit freshwater .
This is a crown of tentacles surrounding the mouth .
Their skeletons have many tiny openings .
Each opening is the home of a minute animal called a zooid .
Bryozoans are small animals living in colonies that are made of skeletons of calcium carbonate .
Bryozoans are tiny colonial animals that generally build stony skeletons of calcium carbonate .
Each opening is the home of zooid .
They feed with their lophophore .
The tentacles of the bryozoans are ciliated .
Each opening is the home of a minute animal called a zooid .
This is a crown of tentacles surrounding the mouth .
Cyclical degeneration and regeneration of the zooid is characteristic of marine bryozoans .
Square Foot Gardening is a type of gardening popularized by Mel Bartholemew .
Other plant spacings can be found in the in row spacing on seed packets .
Add a trowel full of compost after each harvest .
Square Foot Gardening is a type of intensive gardening popularized by Mel Bartholemew .
This means that the key signature of the scale will feature just sharps or just flats .
It has been used ever since as a way to show the relations between scales .
The major scale is used more often than the minor scale in Western music because of its unique harmonic properties .
Each tetrachord consists of two whole steps followed by a half step .
This has the effect of forcing the key signature to feature just sharps or just flats .
Together they make the minor triad .
This includes many scales and modes such as Dorian mode and the Phrygian mode .
The harmonic minor scale is the same as the natural minor but with the seventh note raised up a semitone .
These two options are called the ascending melodic minor scale and descending melodic minor scale .
Many composers do not stick to the notes of only one of these scales when writing music .
Composers have not been consistent in using these in ascending and descending melodies .
Composers thus frequently require the lowered seventh degree found in the natural minor .
Espionage involves having access to where the needed information is stored or the people that know the information .
VIP Air Ambulance A privately owned air ambulance company offering online quoting .
Best Care EMS A privately owned ground ambulance company .
Air Ambulance Card An insurance company focusing directly on the need for Air Ambulance services .
Gregory 's opponents did not like how his election happened .
It is clear from his own report of the election that it was not done in the normal way and that the forms given by the law of 1059 were not followed .
The mode of his election was highly criticized by his opponents .
It is clear from his own report of the circumstances of his election that the forms prescribed by the law of 1059 were not observed .
The Catholic Church makes a distinction between full and partial communion .
It has expressed this idea in many documents .
Eastern Orthodox and Oriental Orthodox Christians have an understanding of what full communion means that is very similar to that of the Catholic Church .
They too consider full communion an essential condition for common sharing in the Eucharist .
Their number is somewhat in dispute .
The Moravian Church and the United Methodist Church .
The United Methodist Church is currently working toward full communion with both the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America and the Episcopal Church and has an interim agreement with both denominations .
The Church of England is currently working diligently toward full communion with the Methodist Church of Great Britain .
Recent genetic studies show that the most common type of the plant first came from the Amazon basin and was slowly moved by humans to other places in South and Central America .
Recent genetic studies show that the most common type of the plant first came from the Amazon basin and was slowly moved by humans throughout South and Central America .
Recent studies show that the most common type of the plant first came from the Amazon basin and was slowly moved by humans to other places in South and Central America to farm .
Recent genetic studies show that the most common type of the plant first came from the Amazon basin and was slowly moved by humans to other places in South and Central America to farm .
Early kinds of another type have also been found in what is now Venezuela .
The drink was served cold .
It was made much the same way as the Mayan chocolate drinks .
Early forms of another type have also been found in what is now Venezuela .
It is made with hot water or milk .
Hot chocolate is usually drank in cold weather and winter in the United States .
It is not taken with meals very often .
It is then mixed until the drink gets a creamy foam .
This may be because of a chemical that improves a person 's mood in chocolate .
It is cut into small pieces and stirred into milk with sugar .
This is because they are made from pure chocolate .
In some cafes in Belgium and other areas in Europe serve a warme chocolade or chocolat chaud .
This is a cup of heated milk and a small bowl of bittersweet chocolate chips to put in the milk .
He brought back cocoa beans and chocolate drink making equipment .
Sweet hot chocolate and bar chocolate were not invented .
The first shipment of chocolate to Europe for sale purposes was a shipment from Veracruz to Sevilla in 1585 .
Sweet hot chocolate and bar chocolate were yet to be invented .
The first shipment of chocolate to Europe for sale purposes was in a shipment from Veracruz to Sevilla in 1585 .
We think the first hot chocolate drink was made by the Mayan people about 2000 years ago .
Recent studies show that the most common type of the plant first came from the Amazon basin .
It was slowly moved by humans to other places in South and Central America to farm .
The first proof of the use of cacao is chocolate found in jars at the site of Puerto Escondido in Honduras .
They also used chocolate drinks as sacrifices to gods .
Recent studies show that the most common type of the plant first came from the Amazon basin and was slowly moved by humans to other places in South and Central America to farm .
The earliest proof of the use of cacao is chocolate found in jars at the site of Puerto Escondido in Honduras .
American hot cocoa powder can be made with powdered milk so it can be made without milk .
American hot cocoa powder is often made of powdered milk so it can be made without using milk .
There are also a few bad health effects .
Caffeine in the cocoa that is in hot chocolate may also make bad health effects .
There are also several bad health effects .
Caffeine in the cocoa that makes up hot chocolate may also have bad effects on health .
Hot chocolate has a lot of antioxidants that may be good for the health .
Hot chocolate has large amounts of antioxidants that may be good for a person 's health .
He brought cocoa beans and chocolate drink making equipment .
Sweet hot chocolate and bar chocolate were not made yet .
He brought back cocoa beans and chocolate drink making equipment .
Sweet hot chocolate and bar chocolate were not invented .
This may be because of a chemical that makes a person 's mood better in chocolate .
This may be because of a chemical that improves a person 's mood in chocolate .
Recent studies show that the most found type of the plant first came from the Amazon basin .
The drink would be changed even more in Europe .
Recent studies show that the most common type of the plant first came from the Amazon basin .
New studies show that the most found type of the plant first came from the Amazon basin .
The first known use of cacao is chocolate found in jars at the site of Puerto Escondido in Honduras .
They then poured the drink back and forth from a cup to a pot until a foam was created .
It was made a lot like the Mayan chocolate drinks .
What the Spanish then called chocolatl was said to be a drink made of a chocolate base with vanilla and other spices that was served cold .
Recent studies show that the most found type of the plant first came from the Amazon basin .
The first proof of the use of cacao is chocolate found in jars at the site of Puerto Escondido in Honduras .
They then poured the drink back and forth from a cup to a pot until a thick foam was created .
It was made much the same way as the Mayan chocolate drinks .
What the Spaniards then called chocolatl was said to be a drink made of a chocolate base flavored with vanilla and other spices that was served cold .
It is usually made by mixing chocolate or cocoa powder and sugar with warm milk or water .
It is usually is made by mixing chocolate or cocoa powder and sugar with warm milk or water .
Jackie chan is dead .
The following can be signs of meningitis .
He is thought to be one of the greatest Polish composers of the first half of the 20th century .
It has much what is similar to Polish folk themes .
His music was not well accepted in Poland .
He is thought to be one of the greatest Polish composers in the first half of the 20th century .
It has much that is similar to Polish folk themes .
His music was not well liked in Poland .
His music was not well accepted in Poland .
Many favor this interpretation as poetically elegant .
There are special sieves available for this purpose .
These sieves are usually made of stainless steel and combine a fine wire mesh sieve and a temporary storage container .
The mixture is then whisked to a uniform consistency .
This is traditionally done with a special kind of whisk made of bamboo known as a chasen .
There must be no lumps left in the liquid .
Ideally no ground tea should remain on the sides of the bowl .
Special chasen designed for this purpose are often used .
Special chasen designed for this purpose are often employed .
Matcha costs more money than other kinds of tea .
These Buddhists use to drink from the same bowl as a sacrament .
He said that matcha was the correct tea to use .
This makes it grow slower and turns the leaves a darker shade of green .
Nearly all the flavor of matcha comes from the amino acids .
The best matcha has more sweetness and a deeper flavor than the normal grades of tea harvested later in the year .
Leaves that are going to be made into tencha have to come from certain parts of the tree .
The very top of the tree has developing leaves that are soft and supple .
The better flavor is due to the tree sending all its nutrients to the growing leaves .
Chlorophyll 's relationship to tannin is also important .
Tencha leaves are traditionally dried outside in the shade and are always kept away from direct sunlight .
Quality matcha is very green because of this treatment .
Stone grinding is quite difficult to do well .
Matcha must be kept away from oxygen .
Oxidation smells like hay and affects color and texture .
Usucha makes a lighter and slightly more bitter tea .
Special chasen made for this purpose are often used .
People now realize that green tea and matcha are good for the health .
This is why in North America it can be found in a lot of health food products such as cereal and energy bars .
Matcha is generally expensive to buy compared to other forms of tea .
Its price depends on its quality .
Preparation and consumption of powdered tea was formed into a ritual by the Chan Buddhists .
They drank from a single bowl as a sacrament .
This slows down growth and turns the leaves a darker shade of green .
It also causes the production of amino acids that make the resulting tea sweeter .
The flavor of matcha is dominated by its amino acids .
Grades of matcha are defined by many factors .
Where leaves destined for tencha are picked on the green tea tree is vital .
The better flavor is a result of the tree sending all its nutrients to the growing leaves .
Tencha leaves are traditionally dried outside in the shade and are never exposed to direct sunlight .
Quality matcha is vibrantly green also as a result of this treatment .
Stone grinding is an art form in and of itself .
Oxidation is also a factor in determining grade .
Matcha exposed to oxygen can easily become compromised .
Oxidation smells like hay and affects color and texture as well .
The mixture is then whisked to a uniform consistency .
Usucha creates a lighter and slightly more bitter tea .
Special chasen designed for this purpose are often used .
The health benefits of green tea and matcha have also raised significant interest in North America .
The top surface is made of woven straw .
Traditional tatami are packed with straw .
Nowadays some of them are packed with styrofoam .
Tatami are individual mats .
They have a uniform size and shape .
They have borders of brocade or plain green cloth .
Tatami were gradually popularized .
They finally reached the homes of commoners towards the end of the 17th century .
Tatami were gradually popularized and finally reached the homes of commoners towards the end of the 17th century .
They were knitted and became thicker like modern tatami .
People who lived in the Heian Era stepped onto tatami to show their power and they spread the tatami only in a necessary part of the room .
The use of tatami was a little different from now .
The shoin style of traditional Japanese residential architecture began in the Kamakura Era .
They started to spread tatami through the room .
People decided to spread tatami by the hearth and sit erect with their legs folded under .
Tatami has been changing together with people 's life style .
Tatami became common for people in the middle of the Edo Era .
Farmers started to use them in the Meiji Era .
The removal of tatami regulation made them more common in the Meiji Era .
Japanese people often dry the tatami .
With the economic growth after World War Two people started to use chairs and carpets .
Tatami is made with rushes .
Rush is planted in the rice field in August .
Tatami has used since Heian era .
Tatami is made with the rush .
Rush is planted in the rice field in the August .
Sake is also called rice wine .
There are also other kinds of rice wine that are not the same as nihonshu .
Sake is widely referred to in English as rice wine .
The production of alcoholic beverages by multiple fermentation is more characteristic of beer than wine .
It is a conflict along ethnic and tribal lines that began in 2003 .
The Sudanese government tells the public that it does not support the Janjaweed .
These armies are recruited from Black ethnic groups who make a living farming the land .
The conflict is caused by the Arab tribes who need to find water for their camels .
So they take their camels further and further south .
Sudan was strongly against this decision and saw the UN forces as foreign invaders .
There are many different guesses about how many people have died in the conflict .
The conflict began in July 2003 .
Sudan strongly objected to the resolution and said that it would see the UN forces in the region as foreign invaders .
The estimates about number of deaths in the conflict vary widely .
The title began to be called the WWF Championship in 1998 .
The title began to be referred to as the WWF Championship in 1998 .
Organelles are often separately enclosed within their own lipid membrane .
The name organelle comes from the idea that these structures are to cells what an organ is to the body .
It is usually separately enclosed within its own lipid membrane .
A windmill is an engine that is powered by the wind to produce energy .
A windwheel that operated an organ was described as early as the 1st century AD by the Greek engineer Hero .
That could have been the first machine in history that used wind power .
Doctors use it to describe patients who have lost parts or all of their ability to focus attention .
Doctors use it to describe patients that have lost parts or all of their ability to focus attention .
People with jaundice have a problem disposing of dead red blood cells properly .
The disease is common in newly born babies .
It makes the skin become yellow .
It also stops decaying changes in food .
If the bile is stopped from entering the intestines there is an increase in gases and other products .
The damage could be from a viral infection or toxic drugs .
Yellow discoloration of the skin and the whites of the eyes happens in all types of jaundice .
Obstructive jaundice may also cause intense itching .
Jaundice is a sign of that the liver is not working .
It may be caused by a blockage of the bile ducts which discharge bile salts and pigment into the intestines .
This is caused by a virus .
Recovery will be slow in serious cases which have been caused by obstruction or pressure in the bile ducts .
The patient should be put on a juice diet for a week .
A hot water enema should be taken daily during this period to ensure regular bowel elimination .
The juice diet may be continued till the acute symptoms subside .
After that a little butter and olive oil may be used in the diet .
Raw apples and pears are especially helpful .
Research has shown that the liver has an excellent capacity to repair itself provided all essential nutrients are adequately supplied .
It shows as a yellowing of the skin .
People who have it have a problem to properly dispose of dead red blood cells .
It exercises a most favourable influence on the general processes of digestion .
It also prevents decaying changes in food .
If the bile is prevented from entering the intestines there is an increase in gases and other products .
There are three forms of jaundice .
All the three forms are marked by yellow discoloration of the skin and the whites of the eyes .
The patient may also feel a dull pain in the liver region .
Obstructive jaundice may be associated with intense itching .
Jaundice is indicative of the malfunctioning of the liver .
It may be caused by an obstruction of the bile ducts which discharge bile salts and pigment into the intestines .
The patient should be put on a juice fast for a week .
The juice fast may be continued till the acute symptoms subside .
Raw apples and pears are especially beneficial .
Research has shown that the liver has an excellent capacity to regenerate itself provided all essential nutrients are adequately supplied .
It may be caused by a blockage of the bile ducts which release bile salts and pigment into the intestines .
The bile then gets mixed with blood and this gives a yellow color to the skin .
The simple form of jaundice can be cured quickly by diet therapy and exercises .
A hot water enema should be given every day during this period to make sure bowel empties completely .
Digestive upsets must be avoided .
A person with jaundice can get better quite easily with the above diet and build up his sick liver until it works normally once again .
Research has shown that the liver has an excellent ability to fix itself provided all essential nutrients are eaten .
It is essential to keep the diet for a long time to prevent a repeat of the trouble .
It may be caused by a blockage of the bile ducts which discharge bile salts and pigment into the intestines .
The bile then gets mixed with blood and this gives a yellow pigmentation to the skin .
The simple form of jaundice can be cured rapidly by diet therapy and exercises .
A hot water enema should be taken daily during this period to ensure regular bowel elimination .
Digestive disturbances must be avoided .
No food with a tendency to ferment or putrefy in the lower intestines like pulses and legumes should be included in the diet .
The jaundice patient can overcome the condition quite easily with the above regime and build up his sick liver until it functions normally once again .
Research has shown that the liver has an excellent capacity to repair itself provided all essential nutrients are adequately supplied .
The band wants to make five albums telling the story of The Amory Wars .
The group did not last long .
The band spent almost a year trying to decide what kind of music they wanted to play .
The band wants to make five albums telling the story The Amory Wars .
The series will begin on June 6 .
See how quick they twirl the axle whose revolving rays spin heavy rollers quarried overseas .
For direct mechanical power transmission industries that used hydropower had to be near the waterfall .
The mills were important for the growth of Minneapolis .
Today the largest use of hydropower is for electric power generation .
That allows low cost energy to be used at long distances from the watercourse .
Direct mechanical power transmission required that industries using hydropower had to locate near the waterfall .
The mills contributed to the growth of Minneapolis .
Power from ocean surface wave motion might produce much more energy than tides .
But there are still a lot of technical problems .
Harnessing power from ocean surface wave motion might yield much more energy than tides .
Generators either coupled to floating devices or turned by air displaced by waves in a hollow concrete structure would produce electricity .
Numerous technical problems have frustrated progress .
This technology is at the early stages of development and will need more research before it can produce any higher amount of energy .
But several prototypes have show positive development .
Already in 2003 a turbine that produces 300 kW was tested in the UK .
This technology is at the early stages of development and will require more research before it becomes a significant contributor .
Several prototypes have shown promise .
The jet pushes the turbine 's curved blades which reverse the flow .
The jet impinges on the turbine 's curved blades which reverse the flow .
Renewable energy comes from renewable resources that means from resources that for all practical purposes can not be .
Renewable energy is energy derived from resources that are regenerative or for all practical purposes can not be depleted .
Renewable energy comes from renewable resources .
But the mass production of electricity using renewable energy sources has become more common only recently .
That means that heat radiation into space is equal to incoming solar radiation .
One can describe it as the Earth 's climate .
But this energy is around the globe in the form of winds and ocean currents .
Radiation is one of the best understood parts of physics .
There are many different ways that energy can travel through space in this way .
One way is in the form of shifting electrical and magnetic fields .
Another way that radiation can travel is in the form of tiny particles .
Scientists categorize this type of radiation based on its wavelength and frequency .
Radio waves are used to send and receive communications .
Radar is also used to see changes in weather .
Ultraviolet light is also used to kill bacteria and to make some kinds of invisible ink visible .
This kind of radiation has the smallest wavelength and is used in hospitals for seeing inside people 's bodies .
It is also the cause of many events that happen in outer space .
Some types of particle radiation can also make people sick and lead to burns .
Any type of radiation that causes changes in world like these is referred to as ionizing radiation .
Radioactive material is a physical material that emits radiation .
Uranium and plutonium are examples of radioactive materials .
Many types of scientific tools will not work correctly if background radiation levels are not known .
This is one of the best understood parts of physics .
One way of thinking about radiation is to think that it is made of a chain of electric and magnetic fields .
This is why radiation is sometimes referred to as Electromagnetic radiation .
Another way of thinking about radiation is to think that it is made of tiny particles called photons .
Radiation is known to be a wave of some type .
Scientists categorize types of radiation based on their wavelengths .
Most people are already familiar with some of the types of radiation .
There are certain elements such as Uranium or Plutonium being radioactive .
This means that the atoms they are made of tend to fall apart and give off gamma rays .
The most common use of the word radiation refers to ionizing radiation .
Neutron radiation .
Visible Light .
He was the third child of the family and grew up with five siblings .
He was the third child of the family and grow up with five siblings .
Goebbels gave the order to confiscate about 650 in 1937 .
He has shown them as new show called Degenerate art .
He was an instigator of the Final Solution .
Goebbels called the Germans to the total war .
He was one of the witnesses to the marriage of Hitler to Eva Braun .
He held a speech at the end of the school year .
He received his PhD in Drama from the Heidelberg university in 1921 .
He hold a speech at the end of the school year .
He reeived in 1921 the Doctor of Philosophy in Drama from the Heidelberg university .
A turbine is a rotary engine that turns fluid flow into energy .
Simple turbines have a shaft with a blade attached .
This rotating motion can be used to produce energy .
Turbine blades can also be rotated to move a fluid .
This is how simple propeller aeroplanes work .
A can be placed around the turbine to control the movement of the fluid .
A turbine is a rotary engine that extracts energy from a fluid flow .
A turbine is an engine that turns fluid into energy .
Simple turbines have a shaft with a blade on it .
The turning movement can be used to make energy .
Turbine blades can also be turned to move a fluid .
This is how simple propeller airplanes work .
A turbine is a rotary engine that turns fluid flow into energy .
Simple turbines have a shaft with a blade attached .
This rotating motion can be used to produce energy .
Turbine blades can also be rotated to move a fluid .
This is how simple propeller aeroplanes work .
It is the biggest stock exchange in Germany by the amount of money exchanged and the number of companies .
It is the biggest stock exchange in the Germany by the amount of money the number of companies .
It usually consists of two parts .
The name bikini originated from bikini island in the Pacific Ocean .
It is made of two parts .
The name bikini was originated from bikini island in the Pacific Ocean .
The reason for calling bikini as a swimming suit is that nuclear bomb was experimented in the bikini island .
Hendrix was born Johnny Allen Hendricks but was later renamed James Marshall Hendrix .
He was deeply affected by the poverty and neglect that he grew up in .
His parents divorced when he was nine and his mother died when he was 16 .
They played in Nashville with many blues improvised songs .
Hendrix played in many other bands as rhythm and lead guitar and vocals .
Hendrix once told some reporters in the late 1960 's that his expulsion had racial implications but the truth was it was just because of poor grades and bad time management .
They played to Nashville 's black population with many blues improvised songs .
They also played with him in some bands as rhythm vocals .
Hendrix also won first prize in an amateur guitar contest called The Apollo Theatre .
Hendrix had to form a new band .
He called it The Jimi Hendrix Experience .
Hendrix finally realized that it was time to get real and stop his wild stage antics .
He became more serious but still with a touch of unpredictability .
He chose as a bassist a British bassist called Noel Redding and a drummer called Mitch Mitchell .
He called the band The Jimi Hendrix Experience .
The Jimi Hendrix Experience made it 's first album in 1967 .
It was called Are You Experienced ?
The Jimi Hendrix Experience was to get its first album published in 1967 .
It was called Are You Experienced .
All of this started after the Monterey Pop Festival in June that Hendrix ' record people finally decided to release the album .
He also in other concerts did damage to stage equipment and amplifiers and he was once again warned to relax .
Hendrix ' first album was known more as a manual on what could be played on guitar than an actual CD .
The time had come for The Jimi Hendrix Experience to tour America .
His first live concert was at the Monterey International Pop Festival .
Hendrix positively went mad and burned and smashed his guitar at the end of his performance .
The entire concert was filmed and shown in movie theaters all over the US which contributed to Hendrix ' fame .
Hendrix ' second album came out in 1967 .
It had famous songs in it such as Little Wing .
Hendrix ' second album also came out in 1967 .
It was much more deep and with better structures songs than in Are You Experienced such as Little Wing .
Another name that Hendrix considered calling this song is Little Ivey .
Little Wing is played using a unique tune that Hendrix used in his earlier Rhythm and Blues sons .
The guitar sounds as if it is playing two separate parts .
This is achieved by playing a chord and changing one or two notes in the chord whist it is still ringing or changing multiple complementary notes .
The ironic thing is that the album was almost lost after Hendrix left the master tape for one side of the LP in the back of a taxi .
Hendrix and Chandler had to remix the whole side in one night to reach the deadline and often say that they were not happy with the results .
Hendrix also said that he did n't like the album front cover .
The end of the tour of this album did n't end as spectacularly as did the first one .
Hendrix went on lots more concerts than his first one and played in front of bigger audiences .
He vomited and choked on his vomit because he could not gain consciousness .
A sad poem that was found in Hendrix ' apartment written by him made some think that he committed suicide .
A sad poem that was found in Hendrix ' apartment written by him has made some think that he commit suicide .
He used guitars with flutes and trombones all with distortion to get strange sounds .
Hendrix often made jokes about the band name and called it Thin Pillow .
Hendrix was playing more and more of the bass lines on Electric LadyLand and Redding was playing less and less .
It was after this that Redding fisaid that he was going to quit the Jimi Hendrix Experience .
Chandler was very business oriented and thought that all songs should have a specific structure .
This is shown on Hendrix ' first two albums because hardly any of his songs are over four minutes long and both albums were recorded in short times and his feelings clashed with Hendrix ' feelings .
Chandlers leaving changed Hendrix ' album completely .
He used guitars with flutes and trombones all with distortion to get sound .
His songs frequently had no structure or sections or even melody .
But these changed were not all good .
The album covers in the US and the UK were different because the album cover artwork did n't reach the UK in time so a cover that had been lying around in a studio was used .
It was of a group of naked women .
Hendrix saw this and demanded that the cover be changed back as soon as possible .
Something also happened with the title of the LP .
Hendrix was playing more and more of the bass lines on Electric LadyLand and Redding was seen less and less .
It was after this that Redding finally broke and announced that he was going to quit the Jimi Hendrix Experience .
Hendrix had become famous enough to go to Woodstock .
Hendrix finally had become famous enough to go to Woodstock .
Hendrix ' band was introduced as The Jimi Hendrix Experience but Hendrix swiftly changed the mistake and changed the band name .
But the events leading to his death have never been properly explained .
There are many theories that were put forward .
Hendrix is thought to be one of the most influential musicians in the history of rock and roll music .
He is one of the most influential guitarists in Rock history .
Hendrix told the reporters that he was kicked out for holding a white girl 's hand .
It was a broken acoustic guitar with one string that had been thrown away by another boy .
He did n't have lessons and learned basic tunes and improvisation from watching Chuck Berry and Elvis Presley play live .
His Generals said that he was always caught sleeping on duty and needed to be watched at all times .
One said that his mind apparently can not function while performing duties and thinking about his guitar .
Hendrix tried to cover this up by saying he had been let go after breaking his ankle when he was landing his 26th parachute jump .
They played in Nashville with many blues improvised songs .
Hendrix played in many other bands as rhythm and lead guitar and vocals .
Hendrix also won first prize in an amateur guitar contest called The Apollo Theatre .
He called his band Jimmy James and The Blues Flames .
Hendrix had to form a new band .
He called it The Jimi Hendrix Experience .
The Jimi Hendrix Experience made it 's first album in 1967 .
It was called Are You Experienced ?
Hendrix ' second album came out in 1967 .
It had famous songs in it such as Little Wing .
He began using different musicians and instruments .
He used guitars with flutes and trombones all with distortion to get strange sounds .
Hendrix had become famous enough to go to Woodstock .
Microphones screeched and guitars went out of tune .
Also Hendrix ' large band had not practiced enough and were often out of time with Hendrix ' speedy solos .
He vomited and choked on his vomit because he could not gain consciousness .
There are many different theories that were thought up .
Hendrix was buried in Seattle in Greenwood Memorial Park .
His autograph is at the foot of each pillar and a brass sundial is at the top of the dome .
There is also a memorial statue of Hendrix playing a Stratocaster near the corner of Broadway in Seattle .
Napalm is the name for a number of flammable liquids that have been used in warfare .
Often it is jellied gasoline .
Napalm is actually the thickener in such liquids .
The team leader was Louis Fieser .
The name Napalm has its origin in the ingredients that were first used to make the substance .
Coprecipitated aluminum salts of naphthenic and palmitic acids .
Napalm provided a far cheaper alternative .
The substance is formulated to burn at a specific rate and stick to materials .
Napalm is mixed with gasoline in different proportions to achieve this .
It also creates large amounts of carbon monoxide causing suffocation .
Napalm became one of the preferred weapons of the Korean War .
Those who do survive suffer 3rd degree burns .
These damage parts of the skin which does not have pain receptors .
The substance is formulated to burn at a specific rate and adhere to materials .
Napalm is mixed with gasoline in various proportions to achieve this .
Napalm became one of the most preferred weapons of the Korean War .
Reports by the Sydney Morning Herald suggested that napalm has been used in the Iraq War by US forces .
These bombs did not actually have napalm in them .
It can be very dangerous to follow these instructions .
Reports by the Sydney Morning Herald suggested the usage of napalm in the Iraq War by US forces .
These bombs did not actually contain napalm .
Recipes for napalm type substances are commonly circulated on the Internet .
It is also illegal for civilians to produce incendiary weapons in most countries .
It is not as easy to ignite .
This reduces the number of accidents caused by soldiers smoking .
Mothballs are small balls of chemical pesticide and deodorant .
They are used when clothing and other articles susceptible to damage from mold or moth larvae are stored .
Older mothballs were made primarily of naphthalene .
Mothballs are small balls of chemical pesticide and deodorant used when storing clothing and other articles susceptible to damage from mold or moth larvae .
Wikipedia is an encyclopedia where anybody can change anything .
You can do this as many times as you want to .
Wikitext is the coding that allows pages to be made .
You can change this to add your knowledge to the page .
Wikipedia is an encyclopedia where anybody can edit anything .
It 's called contributing and it 's really easy to do .
You can edit this to add your knowledge to the page .
Tides also make currents known as tidal streams .
This means that being able to predict the tide is important for coastal navigation .
Tidal force is caused by gravity and makes tides happen .
The tidal force is a secondary effect of the force of gravity and is responsible for the tides .
It arises because the gravitational field is not constant across a body 's diameter .
The main method is to build large centralized projects to generate and transmit the electricity required .
Distributed generation creates power on a smaller scale at locations on the electricity network .
These sites often generate electricity as a byproduct of other industry such as using gas from landfills to power turbines .
The primary method has been to construct large scale centralized projects to generate and transmit the electricity required to fuel economies .
Distributed generation creates power on a smaller scale at locations throughout the electricity network .
Often these sites generate electricity as a byproduct of other industrial processes such as using gas from landfills to drive turbines .
Electricity generation is the making of electricity for use by people .
Making electricity in one central place became possible with the use of power transformers which could change voltage .
Electricity could be sent as alternating current along electric power lines for great distances cheaply .
Electricity has been generated for powering human technologies for at least 120 years .
Electricity generation is the fifth process in the delivery of electricity to consumers .
The other processes are electric power transmission and electricity distribution which are normally carried out by the Electrical power industry .
Centralized power generation became possible when it was recognized that alternating current electric power lines can transport electricity at low costs across great distances by taking advantage of the ability to transform the voltage using power transformers .
Electricity has been generated for the purpose of powering human technologies for at least 120 years from various sources of energy .
They played songs from both Silent Alarm and A Weekend In The City along with the first UK live performance of Flux .
The set included songs from both Silent Alarm and A Weekend In The City along with the first UK live performance of Flux .
Bloc Party is a British indie rock band .
It went through many names before Bloc Party was chosen in 2003 .
Bloc Party are a British indie rock band .
They went through many names before choosing Bloc Party in 2003 .
Bloc Party is a British indie rock band .
Bloc Party are a British indie rock band .
Bloc Party are a British indie rock band .
The band were first noticed after lead singer Okereke went to a Franz Ferdinand concert in 2003 .
Bloc Party is a British indie rock band .
The band was first noticed after lead singer Okereke went to a Franz Ferdinand concert in 2003 .
The two varieties of LISP that are most common today are Common Lisp and Scheme .
LISP is a language that allows for Rapid prototyping .
The basic concepts behind LISP are easy to learn .
Logo is another dialect of LISP that has been developed specifically for children .
Logo can help young children develop skills and become efficient within the programming language .
LISP has educational benefits as well as just benefits in general .
It 's a good program that can help young children develop skills and become efficient within the programming language .
Lisp is mainly used nowadays for Artificial intelligence .
Many concepts that are used in modern programming languages were first created in Lisp .
Logo is another version of Lisp that was made for children .
It quickly developed into a language used for Artificial intelligence .
Many concepts that are used in modern programming languages were pioneered by LISP .
Quite a lot can be done using linked lists .
From there LISP has its name .
It stands for LISt Processor .
LISP is a language that allows for Rapid prototyping .
Logo is another dialect of LISP that has been developed specifically for children .
Some people have a lot of anxiety that controls them .
This can be treated by therapy and medicine .
GSC Game World talked about the game 's AI in January 2005 .
GSC Game World revealed some details about the game 's AI in January 2005 .
The Zone has a lot of danger in it .
The Zone presents various dangers .
The game does not have vehicles that you can drive .
The bullet physics is similar to tactical shooters such as Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter or Call of Duty 2 .
The local animals and plants were altered a lot by the years of radiation .
There are also a lot of people that were mutated by the radiation from the second explosion in the power plant .
Another factor is large numbers of mutant lifeforms left behind from the unlucky workers and soldiers who were caught in the second blast .
The stalkers are further hindered in their hunt for artifacts by the presence of the Ukrainian Military who is attempting to control the expansion of the zone and the spread of mutants .
The game uses uses GSC Gameworld 's proprietary ALife artificial intelligence engine .
ALife supports more than one thousand characters living in the Zone .
The monsters in the game also act in this way .
These monsters will move in large groups .
The AI characters travel around the entire zone as they want .
ALife supports more than one thousand characters inhabiting the Zone .
These monsters will migrate in large groups .
The AI characters travel around the entire zone as they see fit .
Solar energy is energy that is present in sunlight .
It has been used for centuries in many different ways by peoples all over the world .
It is becoming cheaper to make electricity from solar energy and it is starting to compete with other ways of getting energy such as from coal and oil .
Solar power is the technology which gets usable energy from the light of the Sun .
Solar power is the technology to get usable energy from the light of the Sun .
To take the salt away from seawater .
Desalination of seawater .
Plants store energy in sunlight as chemical energy through the process known as photosynthesis .
The first map shows how the solar energy varies in different latitudes because of this tilting away from the sun .
The second map shows how much of the suns energy is left after clouds and dust in the air have blocked some of it .
The average global irradiance calculated from satellite data collected from 1991 to 1993 .
Plants use solar energy to create chemical energy through photosynthesis .
It has been used for thousands of years in many different ways by peoples all over the world .
It is becoming cheaper to make electricity from solar energy and in many situations it is now competitive with energy from coal or oil .
It has been used for millenia in many different ways by peoples all over the world .
It is progressively becoming cheaper to make electricity from solar energy and in many situations it is now competitive with fossil energy .
Plants convert the energy in sunlight into chemical energy through the process of photosynthesis .
A view of the deployments of solar power of all types is given at Deployment of solar power to energy grids .
Many people call Alice Springs the Alice or Alice .
The town is 576 metres above sea level in the Northern Territory of Australia .
It is the second largest center in the Northern Territory and is popularly known as the Alice or simply Alice .
It is 200 kms south of the center of mainland Australia .
It is about halfway between Darwin in the north and Adelaide in the south .
Australian Bureau of Statistics Retrieved on 25 September 2006 .
This makes it the second largest town in the Northern Territory .
Alice Springs is often called the Alice or simply Alice .
It is called Mparntwe by the Arrernte .
There are many sites of traditional importance in and around Alice Springs .
Until the 1930s the town was known as Stuart .
Many people call Alice Springs the Alice or Alice .
The Overland Telegraph Line that joined Adelaide to Darwin and Great Britain was completed in 1872 .
It followed Stuart 's route .
It opened up the interior for permanent European settlement .
The telegraph station was built near a waterhole in the normally dry Todd River .
The Todd River was named after Sir Charles .
The original method of travel in the outback were camels .
During the 1960s Alice Springs became an important defense base .
The major industry in recent times is tourism .
The Overland Telegraph Line linking Adelaide to Darwin and Great Britain was completed in 1872 .
It traced Stuart 's route and opened up the interior for permanent settlement .
The Todd River was named after Sir Charles himself .
The town of Alice Springs built on the banks of the usually dry Todd River .
It is on the northern side of MacDonnell Ranges .
The rainfall can vary quite a lot from year to year .
The annual average rainfall is 286 mm .
The town of Alice Springs straddles the usually dry Todd River on the northern side of MacDonnell Ranges .
Temperatures can vary by up to 28 C and rainfall can vary quite dramatically from year to year .
Alice Springs began as a town to supply the cattle farms that first came to the area .
The arrival of the railway increased its economy and productivity .
Alice Springs began as a service town to the pastoral industry that first came to the region .
The introduction of the rail line increased its economy and productivity .
Alice Springs is a city in the Northern Territory of Australia .
It is called Mparntwe by the Arrernte .
About Alice Springs Alice Springs is the business center of Central Australia .
Aboriginal people come from all over the region to use the town 's services .
Some live further out at Amoonguna to the south .
Many live on the small family outstation communities on Aboriginal Lands in surrounding areas .
Pine Gap employs 700 American and Australians .
American influence can be seen throughout Alice Springs .
A number of Australians also join in the festivities from time to time .
Alice Springs has 19 public and private schools and colleges .
The School of the Air provides education to students in remote areas .
The Centre for Appropriate Technology was established in 1980 .
It has a range of services to encourage and help Aboriginal people improve their quality of life on remote communities .
The Central Australian Football League has several teams and a high participation rate .
It was designed to host national AFL and international Cricket matches .
This is also known as the Todd River Race .
It is a sand river race with bottomless boats .
It is the only dry river regatta in the world .
It is a full day event with races using camels instead of horses .
Alice Springs is a town in the Northern Territory of Australia .
It is called Mparntwe by the Arrernte .
About Alice Springs As Alice Springs is the regional hub of Central Australia it attracts Aboriginal people from all over that region and well beyond .
Many Aborigines visit regularly to use the town 's services .
The Centre for Appropriate Technology was established in 1980 and provides a range of services to encourage and help Aboriginal people enhance their quality of life on remote communities .
The Central Australian Football league has several teams and a high participation rate .
Cricket is also popular in Alice Springs .
It is a sand river race with bottomless boats and it remains the only dry river regatta in the world .
It is a full day event featuring a series of races using camels instead of horses .
Australian Rules Football is a popular sport in Alice Springs .
The Central Australian Football League has several teams and many people play .
The sport is very popular in Indigenous communities .
It was built to hold national AFL and international Cricket matches .
The Imparja Cup Cricket Carnival started in 1994 .
Teams from Indigenous communities come from all across Australia .
Australian rules football is a popular sport in Alice Springs .
The Central Australian Football League has several teams and a high participation rate .
The sport is particularly popular in Indigenous communities .
It was designed to host national AFL and international Cricket matches .
The Imparja Cup Cricket Carnival first was played in 1994 and attracts Indigenous teams from all across Australia .
Tetanus is a disease that leads to muscle contractions that stay that way for some time .
Tetanus is a disease that leads to muscle contractions that hold on for some time .
This is done by making the person 's body come into contact with a bit of the disease so that the body learns how to fight it .
The body 's ability to fight off a disease is called its immune system .
Immunization is the same as inoculation and vaccination in that inoculation and vaccination use a viable infecting agent like immunization does .
Paralysis is the complete loss of muscle function for one or more muscle groups .
Another reason why it is a good way to paint pictures on plastered walls is that the paint joins with the plaster so that the colors will not rub off .
Frescoes last for hundreds of years .
Another reason why it is a good way to paint pictures on walls is that the paint joins with the plaster so that the colors will not rub off .
The main aim of it was to get the Treaty of Versailles stopped .
It also wanted Jewish people in Germany be not allowed citizenship .
Hitler was given 5 years in prison for high treason .
This is an very small sentence .
Other people were given death penalties .
The NSDAP was also declared a not allowed party .
He wanted to legally get to power by elections .
The main aim of the publication was to get the truce Treaty of Versailles reversed .
It also wanted that Jewish people in Germany be denied citizenship .
Hitler was sentenced to 5 years in prison for high treason .
This is an extremely mild sentence .
Other people sentenced for high treason were given death penalties .
The NSDAP was also declared a forbidden party .
His aim was to legally get to power through elections .
Those parties were financed mainly by German Finance and Industry .
The family was very poor and Carl had to help in the home .
The family were very poor and Carl had to help in the home .
When he was 14 he had a job in the military orchestra in the nearby town of Odense .
In 1891 he married Anne Marie Brodersen who was a sculptress .
The new part of the gallery is on the left .
It is in a new building called The Sainsbury Wing .
To the left side it has a large new building called The Sainsbury Wing .
A contronym is a word with two meanings .
A contronym is a word with two means .
Room temperature does not have an exact scientific definition .
It means a temperature that is normal in rooms used by human beings .
A comfortable room temperature depends on individual needs and other factors .
The progress and results of many scientific and industrial processes can sometimes depend on the temperature of the surroundings of the equipment .
Room temperature is not a precisely defined scientific term .
It means a temperature that is common in rooms used by human beings .
The progress and results of many scientific and industrial processes depends a little or not at all on the temperature of the surroundings of the equipment .
Kraftwerk is a pop band from Germany that became famous in the 1980s for making electronic music .
They used a synthesizer to make the rhythms and melodies in the song .
Kraftwerk made electronic music many years before other bands knew it would be popular .
They paved the way for the MIDI and digital styles of music to become popular in the 1990s .
In their view Baptists have existed separately since the early church days .
Being a denomination is viewed by them as having a hierarchy instead of the Roman Catholic Church .
Other Baptists accept the tag .
They feel that it does n't lie or have any bad meanings .
It is just used as a for a Christian or religious group with common beliefs .
The label denomination is rejected by some because of the local autonomous governance system used by Baptist churches .
Being a denomination is viewed by them as having a hierarchy that substitutes for the Roman Catholic Church .
Other Baptists accept the label .
It is also rejected by some liberal Baptists who think that the term is too conservative .
It is accepted by moderate Baptists believing in the revival in the United States in the 1700s called the First Great Awakening .
The label Evangelical is rejected by some fundamentalist Baptists who consider the term to describe a theological position that in their view is not fundamentalist enough .
It is also rejected by some liberal Baptists who consider the term to describe a theological position that in their view is too conservative .
It is accepted by moderate Baptists who identify with the revival in the United States in the 1700s known as the First Great Awakening .
Keyboard Magazine Vol .
Techno music pioneer Juan Atkins cites Toffler 's phrase techno rebels as inspiring him to use the word techno to describe the musical style he helped to create .
This unique blend of influences aligns techno with the aesthetic referred to as AfroDiasporic Futurism .
In this manner techno dance music defeats what Adorno saw as the alienating effect of mechanisation on the modern consciousness .
This essentially removes any chronologically distinct point of origination .
The original techno sound drew heavily from its funk and soul music roots to create characteristically intense grooves and percussive basslines .
Keyboard Magazine Vol .
The resulting sounds are often mixed in such a way that it is not easy to distinguish the natural timbre of an instrument from the digital effects applied thereto .
Techno music can be created by using computer software programs .
Detroit Techno first became successful locally and then became popular around the world in the 1990s .
The word techno comes from technology .
Fans of Techno music are careful in their use of the word .
The normal distributionis a probability distribution .
Scientists also call it Gaussian distribution .
It is a continuous probability distribution of great importance in many fields of science .
It is a family of distributions of the same general form .
It is because of the central limit theorem that this distribution has such a high value to model quantitative phenomena in the natural and behavioral sciences .
How these things work is often unknown .
The normal distribution is also used in many areas of statistics .
This makes it the natural choice of underlying distribution for cases where is data summarized in terms of sample mean and variance .
The importance of the normal distribution as a model of quantitative phenomena in the natural and behavioral sciences is due to the central limit theorem .
The normal distribution also arises in many areas of statistics .
The normal distribution is a probability distribution .
The normal distributionis a probability distribution .
Intelligence is probably normally distributed .
It is a continuous probability distribution .
It is very important in many fields of science .
It is a continuous probability distribution of great importance in many fields of science .
The normal distribution is a continuous probability distribution .
Normal distributions are a family of distributions of the same general form .
It is often called the bell curve because the graph of its probability density looks like a bell .
Many values follow a normal distribution .
Insurance companies use normal distributions to model certain average cases .
Scientists also call it Gaussian distribution .
It is a continuous probability distribution .
It is a family of distributions of the same general form .
It is often called the bell curve because the graph of its probability density resembles a bell .
Insurance companies use Normal distributions to model certain average cases .
The last series of the 10 Deutsche Mark banknotes featured Carl Friedrich Gauss and a graph and formula of the normal probability density function .
John Aldrich .
Earliest Uses of Symbols in Probability and Statistics .
The Doctrine of Chances .
The Mismeasure of Man .
First edition .
Free Press .
Analytical Theory of Probabilities .
Earliest Known Uses of Some of the Words of Mathematics .
Harvard University Press .
Normal Distribution at MathWorld .
Probability Functions .
National Bureau of Standards .
Is normal distribution due to Karl Gauss ?
McLaren did set up for Bruce McLaren in 1963 .
McLaren 's drivers are Lewis Hamilton and Heikki Kovalainen .
Mclaren did set up for Bruce Mclaren in 1963 .
At now mclaren 's drivers are Lewis Hamilton and Heikki Kovalainen .
McLaren was started by Bruce McLaren in 1963 .
McLaren 's current drivers are Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button .
McLaren did set up for Bruce McLaren in 1963 .
McLaren 's drivers are Lewis Hamilton and Heikki Kovalainen .
This means the ball wo n't fall down and in theory will just continue flying into space farther and farther away from the Earth .
The escape velocity changes depending on where the object is launched from .
His goal was to enter the heavyweights list as of 1957 .
Maxim was the former light heavyweight champion of the world and knew all the tricks of the trade .
She was to be his wife until 1969 .
Maxim was former light heavyweight champion of the world and knew all the tricks of the trade .
His wife gave birth to his first child and he beat Archie Moore to become the heavyweight champion of the world .
In 1962 He lost it to Sonny Liston .
Sometimes there are difficulties in determining how the subfamilies are related to one another .
It has about 560 species .
This subfamily is larger than all mammal families except the Cricetidae .
It is also larger than all mammal orders except the bats and the remainder of the rodents .
They have also been introduced to all continents except Antarctica .
They are serious pest animals .
The Brown Rat and House Mouse are both used for medical tests .
They are among a handful of animals where the full genome has been sequenced .
It looks like genera from southeast Asian islands and Australia may be early offshoots compared to mainland forms .
They have been shown to be closely related to African murines in spite of their uniqueness .
The Brown Rat and House Mouse are both used as medical subjects and are among a handful of animals where the full genome has been sequenced .
It appears as if genera from southeast Asian islands and Australia may be early offshoots compared to mainland forms .
This list is put together each year by the World Conservation Union .
There are exact to see if a certain species is threatened to become extinct .
These criteria are the same for all parts of the world .
The purpose of the list is to tell people how threatened a certain species is .
Politicians can then decide on what needs to be done and the efforts needed to save certain species from becoming extinct .
This list is complied each year by the World Conservation Union .
There are exact criteria to see if a certain species is threatened to become extinct .
These criteria are the same for all regions of the world .
The aim of the list is to tell people how threatened a certain species is .
Politicians can then decide on the priorities and the efforts needed to save certain species from becoming extinct .
It is shaped like the sails of a boat .
Many concerts and events take place there .
On the 10th August 1902 the Fort Macquarie tram depot was opened .
All sorts of concerts and events take place there .
On the 10th of August 1902 the Fort Macquarie tram depot was opened .
This is the first time it has included gender identity in addition to sexual orientation .
Most of them look like either earthworms or snakes .
They mostly live hidden in the ground .
Caecilians completely lack limbs .
Their skin is smooth and usually dark in color .
Inside the skin are calcite scales .
This suggests that they may be related to the fossil Stegocephalia .
Scientists believe that the scales are a secondary development .
Due to their underground life the eyes are small .
They can tell the difference between dark and light .
All Caecilians have two tentacles at their head .
The tentacles are probably used for a second smelling capability in addition to the normal sense of smell based in the nose .
Most Caecilians have lungs .
That sample had been collected somewhere in South America .
Those that have lungs also use the skin or the mouth to get oxygen .
Often the left lung is much smaller than the right one .
This is an adaptation to the shape of the body .
It can also be found in snakes .
In South America they can be found well into the temperate north of Argentina .
In South America their distribution extends well into the temperate north of Argentina .
How much protection does a vest provide ?
Black Plague was a medieval disease that many people died from in Europe .
An ecomuseum is a museum which shows things about the identity of a place .
Many of the people who live in that place help to organize things in the museum .
The ecomuseum tries to help the and development of the local community .
He is not signed with any team and is currently not playing baseball .
A dingo is a type of wild dog in the South Pacific and is usually associated with Australia .
Wild dog of Australia .
The fall of her temples is usually said to mark the end of ancient Egypt .
However the true Egyptian pronunciation is not known because their writing system left out vowels .
However the true Egyptian pronunciation remains uncertain because their writing system left out vowels .
The incident also led to energized student activist efforts seeking to overturn bans that prevent gun permit holders from carrying their weapons on college campuses .
The killings occurred in two separate attacks on the campus .
Victims were found in different locations around the building .
An Individual Savings Account is called an ISA .
It is a special type of bank account in United Kingdom .
In 1954 Maxim gave future heavyweight champion Floyd Patterson his first defeat by unanimous decision .
Later Maxim gave future heavyweight champion Floyd Patterson his first defeat .
In 1954 Maxim gave future heavyweight champion Floyd Patterson his first defeat by unanimous decision .
Archie Moore beat him for the championship in 1952 .
Archie Moore beat him for the championship .
In 1954 Maxim gave future heavyweight champion Floyd Patterson his first defeat by unanimous decision in eight rounds .
One of the most important debates over the sermon is how it should be applied to everyday life .
Almost all Christian groups have created their own ways to understand and use the sermon in their lives .
The Absolutist view is that the sermon should be followed exactly as it was said .
It must also be followed at all times .
The modern Anabaptist groups such as the Mennonites and Hutterites come closest .
More common in recent centuries is to change the wording of the Sermon .
This was done to remove parts that people would find to accept .
Almost every major Christian writer has made changes similar to this at some point .
It says that parts of what Jesus said in the Sermon are hyperbole .
Most people agree that there is some hyperbole in the sermon but they argue about which parts are hyperbole .
The General Principles View says that Jesus was not giving instructions .
This view says that he was teaching general ways of how a person should behave .
These people think that many of the things he said in they in the Sermon are just examples of these general ideas .
The Double Standard View is the view the Roman Catholic Church believes .
It thinks some parts of the teachings are general ideas and other parts are instructions .
Most people only have to follow the ideas .
Martin Luther did not believe the Catholic view .
This is called the Two Realms View .
He believed that the Sermon only applied to the religious part .
The Analogy of Scripture View believes that parts of the sermon were changed by the writing in the New Testament .
Wilhelm Hermann believed the idea of Attitudes not Acts .
This view believes that what Jesus said in the sermon was not what a good Christian should do .
They believe Jesus was only telling the people what he would do .
Albert Schweitzer made the Interim Ethic View known .
This view thinks that Jesus thought that the world was going to end in a short time .
The teachings only applied to this short period of time .
This will change when the Kingdom of Heaven comes back to the world .
At that time everyone will be able to live in a Godly manner .
The Repentance View is similar to the Unconditional Divine Will View .
It believes that Jesus knew that people would not be able to follow his teaching .
Another similar view is that of modern dispensationalism .
Dispensationalism divides human history into separate groups .
The Hiram Key was created by both Christopher Knight and Robert Lomas .
One of the most important debates over the sermon is how directly it should be applied to everyday life .
Almost all Christian groups have developed their own ways to interpret and apply the sermon .
The Absolutist view rejects all forms of compromise .
Everything written in the sermon this must be taken literally .
It must also be applied at all times .
In ancient times this took the form of actually changing the text of the Sermon .
More common in recent centuries is to paraphrase the Sermon and in so doing make it far less radical .
A search through the writings of almost every major Christian writer finds them at some point to have made this modification .
The specific instances cited in the Sermon are simply examples of these general principles .
The Double Standard View is the official position of the Roman Catholic Church .
It divides the teachings of the Sermon into general ideas and specific counsels .
McArthur refers to this as the Two Realms View .
Luther divided the world into the religious and secular realms and argued that the Sermon only applied to the spiritual .
This lead to the Analogy of Scripture View .
Close reading of the Bible found that several of the most rigid ideas in the sermon were moderated by other parts of the New Testament .
See also Pauline Christianity .
The spirit lying behind the act is more important than the act itself .
Albert Schweitzer popularized the Interim Ethic View .
This view sees Jesus as being convinced that the world was going to end in the very near future .
This will change when the Kingdom of Heaven is proclaimed and all will be able to live in a Godly manner .
Another Eschatological View is that of modern dispensationalism .
The Hiram Key was a joint adventure between Christopher Knight and Robert Lomas .
They once lived across Australia and New Guinea .
They were hunted because farmers said they were killing sheep .
The Tasmanian government gave money to farmers for each thylacine they killed .
The Thylacine was also called a Tasmanian Tiger or a Tasmanian Wolf .
They were once found across Australia and New Guinea .
They were hunted because farmers blamed them for killing sheep .
The Tasmanian government paid farmers money for each thylacine they killed .
They are now extinct .
Wind turbines are popular with people in Denmark .
Wind turbines are popular with people in Denmark .
These solar receivers are specially coated tubes made of glass and steel .
The plant consists of a photovoltaic system that uses silicon solar cell technology to convert sunlight directly into energy .
The plant uses a new tracking system that follows the sun 's daily path across the sky .
Miller was known for being a good jump shooter during his career .
Miller was known for being a good jump shooter during career .
Melodramas were first created in the 1700s by combining the telling of a story with music to help tell the story in a more interesting way .
Melodrama is when they make things more dramatic than they really are .
Melodramas where first created in the 1700s by combining the telling of a story with music to help tell the story in a more interesting way .
Its most successful movie is Shrek 2 .
Its most successful title to date is Shrek 2 .
The sale was completed in February 2006 .
The company was founded following Katzenberg 's forced resignation from The Walt Disney Company in 1994 .
It went on to win an Oscar for Best Short Film .
In recent years DreamWorks has scaled back .
The company completed its acquisition on February 1 2006 .
The sale was completed on May 8 2006 .
The theme heard during the DreamWorks logo at the beginning of most DreamWorks films was composed by John Williams .
The broadcast rights to many DreamWorks films are owned by ABC .
Win a Date with Tad Hamilton !
It is thought to be one of the band 's best albums .
It is thought to be one of the bands best albums .
They are found in scattered areas throughout the world 's oceans .
The anchovy is a small green fish with blue reflections .
These reflections are due to a silver stripe that runs along the length of the fish from the base of the caudal fin .
The Anchovy can tolerate a wide range of temperatures and salinity .
The breeding success of these birds is strongly connected to anchovy abundance .
Both are quite salty .
The flat fillets are usually more salty than the rolled anchovies .
The anchovy is a small green fish with blue reflections due to a silver longitudinal stripe that runs from the base of the caudal fin .
It is generally very accepting of a wide range of temperatures and salinity .
Hilton and her friend Nicole Richie was the stars of the reality show The Simple Life for 5 seasons .
Sources inside the prison are saying that Hilton was cracking under the pressure of being in jail and that she cried loudly in her cell .
Sources inside the prison are saying that Hilton was cracking under the pressure of being in jail and that Hilton had been harrased and threatened by the other inmates .
Sources inside the prison are saying that Hilton was cracking under the pressure of being in jail and that she cried loudly in her cell .
She will receive part of the Hilton Hotels fortune .
She is an heiress to part of the Hilton Hotels fortune .
Paris Hilton is known for television shows the Simple Life and The Simple Life 2 .
She did the show with Nicole Richie .
Another famous show she is on right now is Paris Hilton is my New BFF .
The book has hundreds of photographs of her and contains her advice on life as an heiress .
She started becoming more famous .
She was the girl who was screaming and got hurt and was bleeding .
Paris Hilton is really famous for her shows the Simple Life and The Simple Life 2 .
She did the show with her best friend Nicole Richie .
A lot of people liked watching famous people do disgusting work .
Another famous show she is on right now is paris Hilton is my New BFF .
A recording artist is somebody who records his or her singing and puts all the songs together in one CD called an album .
A lot of people liked it .
An author is somebody who writes books .
The book has hundreds full color photographs of her and her advice on life as an heiress .
A lot of people actually liked it !
A lot of people do n't like Paris Hilton because they think she is a bad person for young people to look up to .
A lot of people also think that she is selfish and that she thinks she is the best person in the world .
She went to jail many times .
Pledgeff This !
Scientists believe it became extinct in 1889 .
A US farmer named Edwin Dun started to import livestock to Japan .
A US farmer named Edwin Dun started to import livestock to Nippon .
Roar of time is a powerful move that only Dialga can use .
The heat warms water within pipes in the central tower turning it into steam .
The heat warms water within pipes in central tower turning it into steam .
Eventually he leaves his girlfriend and the army for Carmen .
Notations on the 1920 discus stamps at the Olympic Museum The goal is to throw the discus farther than your opponents .
Notations on the 1920 discus stamps at the Olympic Museum The objective is to throw the discus farther than your opponents .
It is usually white with red stripes and tastes like peppermint .
It is also made in many other flavors and colors .
It is traditionally white with red stripes and flavored with peppermint .
It is also made in a variety of other flavors and colors .
The weight limit was once 190 pounds .
The weight limit used to be 190 pounds .
It was discovered in 1908 by archaeologist Josef Szombathy at a paleolithic site near Willendorf .
Willendorf is a village in Lower Austria near the city of Krems .
The statuette is made of an oolitic limestone that can not be found in the area .
It is colored with red ochre .
This suggests a strong connection to fertility .
The statuette is made of a kind of limestone that can not be found in the area .
Catherine McCoid and LeRoy McDermott think that the figurines were done as self portraits by the women themselves .
The statuette is made of an oolitic limestone that can not be found in the area .
Catherine McCoid and LeRoy McDermott theorize that the figurines were done as self portraits by the women themselves .
They fight crime and villans .
The turtles are named after famous artists from Rennisance period .
There are a few humans who know about them such a woman named April O'Neil and a man named Casey Jones .
Some sources report Emsdetten as his place of birth .
He was suing a German newspaper and the German Wikipedia after publishing his real name .
Hubertus Albers was born in Emsdetten .
He was suing a German newspaper after publishing his real name .
Autonomy is something that philosophers often talk about .
It means that someone is able to make a sensible decision without being forced to do so by someone else .
They are able to make a free decision .
The doctor can not force it on them .
Hegel 's books are difficult to read and deal with many different ideas at the same time .
He wants a more liberalised economy for France because he sees the United States and the United Kingdom as positive examples .
He wants more liberalised economy for France because he sees the American and the United Kingdom as positive examples .
He bought himself his space travel .
He is also the leader of the ubuntu project .
He buyed himself his space travel .
He is the leader of the ubuntu project .
Kodeen or methylmorphine is an opiate used for its analgesic properties .
It is also used to treat coughing and wet poopies .
Codeine or methylmorphine is an opiate used for its analgesic properties .
It is also used to treat coughing and diarrhea .
Some of these are papaverine and noscapine .
Opium has caused many wars in China due to heavy addiction to the drug .
This was because observations seemed to show that it would hit the Earth in 2029 .
This danger made the asteroid Level 1 on the Torino impact hazard scale until August 2006 .
More watching showed scientists that the keyhole would be missed .
Later observations made better predictions possible .
This possibility kept the asteroid at Level 1 on the Torino impact hazard scale until August 2006 .
Pie charts are rare in scientific writing .
They are more common in business and economics .
One reason for this may be that it is more for comparisons to be made between the size of items in a chart when area is used instead of length .
Stevens ' power law says that it is harder to see small differences using visual area than when using length .
This can be shown with the image to the right .
The pie chart and the bar chart have the same data .
Most people have difficulty putting the slices in the pie chart in order by size from biggest to smallest .
Pie charts are rare in the scientific literature and more common in business and economics .
One reason for this may be that it is more difficult for comparisons to be made between the size of items in a chart when area is used instead of length .
A teapot is a container uesd to mix tea leaves with boiling water to make tea .
Usually tea leaves are in a tea bag when mixed .
A teapot is a vessel to steep tea leaves in boiling water .
Usually tea is steeped in in a tea bag .
People laughed at the plan because it took so long to get started .
Many are decorated with fancy sculptures .
People laughed at the plan because it never got started .
The lyrics of a song will usually have a meaning .
Some times the meaning is easy to find but other times it can be very to know what the lyrics mean .
Some lyrics are so strange that it is nearly impossible to understand them .
There are many websites that have the lyrics to songs .
This may be a bad thing since many web sites include copyright lyrics without permission from the copyright holder .
There are many websites that feature lyrics to songs .
Usopp is a great sniper but a coward .
Chopper is a half reindeer and a half human who is a great doctor .
Franky is a half human and half robot who can fix boats and ships .
Usopp a great sniper but a coward .
Chopper a half reindeer and a half human who is a great doctor .
Franky a half human and half robot who can fix boats and ships .
His most notable accomplishments include the 1949 Pennsylvania Intercity Golden Gloves championship in the heavyweight division .
The September match was given to Baker by The United Press .
His most notable accomplishments include 1949 Pennsylvania Intercity Golden Gloves championship in the heavyweight division .
The September bout was given to Baker by The United Press .
The President of Iran is the head of government of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
President of Iran is the head of government of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
Fractional distillation is how petroleum is refined .
The rest are fixed structures adapted to the terrain .
The rest are fixed structures adapted to the relief of the terrain .
These do not contain water .
They are basically like cold soups that just need to be heated .
Packaged instant soups usually just need to be heated .
Sometimes water needs to be added before heating .
It is made from buckwheat flour .
The raw noodles are made by making a dough out of buckwheat flour and binder .
The dough is then spread out flat .
This tradition originates from the Edo period .
Futurists such as Ray Kurzweil believe this will become possible about the year 2045 in the technological singularity .
Futurists such as Ray Kurzweil believe this will occur about the year 2045 in the technological singularity .
It has to pay for on common policies throughout the EU .
It has to pay for expenditure on common policies throughout the EU .
Usually the outer pods of a number of species in the genus Zanthoxylum are used to make it .
Many people in Asia grow these plants to make a spice from them .
Sichuan pepper has a unique aroma and taste .
This taste is compeletely different from that of black or white pepper or chile pepper .
It tastes a little like lemon .
Recipes often say that sichuan pepper should be slighlty toasted and then crushed vefore it is added to food .
Sichuan pepper is one of the few spices which are important for Tibetan and Bhutanese cookery of the Himalayas .
This is because few spices can be grown there .
Recipes often suggest lightly toasting and then crushing the tiny seedpods before adding them to food .
It is generally added at the last moment .
Usually the outer pods of a number of species in the genus Zanthoxylum are used to make the spice .
Many people in Asia grow them to make a spice from them .
Usually the outer pods of a number of species in the genus Zanthoxylum are used to make it .
Many people in Asia grow these plants to make a spice from them .
Renaissance music is European music written from about the year 1400 to 1600 .
The change to the Baroque musical style happened around 1600 .
Renaissance music is European music written from about the year 1430 to 1600 .
The change to the Baroque musical style happened quite suddenly around 1600 .
Electrical and electronic circuits can be complicated .
Making a drawing of the connections to all the component parts in the circuit 's load makes it easier to understand how circuit components are connected .
Drawings for electronic circuits are called circuit diagrams .
Drawings for electrical circuits are called wiring diagrams .
But they can also be simple pencil sketches drawn by technicians or other workers .
Wiring and circuit diagrams use special symbols recognized by everyone who uses the drawings .
The diagrams are a big help when workers try to find out why a circuit does n't work correctly .
Electric current flows in a closed path called an electric circuit .
All of these must be met under the scrutiny of judicial authority .
Playing piano duets is great fun and an excellent way to become a better musician .
Playing piano duets are great fun and an excellent way to become a better musician .
Fibrous tissue that connects bones to other bones .
The first meaning is most commonly what is meant by the term ligament .
She stars in The Simple Life series along best friend socilite Paris Hilton .
She stars in The simple life series along best friend socilite Paris Hilton .
It did not do well however it pleased the minds of many people who like mediocre television series .
Chandler is currently at Union Correctional Institution in Florida .
Chandler is currently incarcerated at Union Correctional Institution in Florida .
The women had been bound and gagged and then tossed into the bay with concrete blocks tied to their necks while stile alive .
Chandler was not arrested until September of 1992 .
He was put on trial where he was found guilty of the murders by a 12 member jury .
Chandler is right now at Union Correctional Institution in Florida .
Oba Chandler was born in Cincinnati the the state of Ohio .
He was the fourth child in a family of five children .
This upsetted Oba so much that he jumped into his father 's grave during the funeral in 1957 while gravediggers were covering the coffin with dirt .
The Rogers women where identified a week after their bodies where found in the bay .
A hotel maid had discovered that a hotel room had stood unused for several days .
Chandler is currently at Union Correctional Institution in Florida .
Oba Chandler was born in Cincinnati the the state of Ohio and was the fourth child in a family of five children .
This upset Oba so much that he jumped into his father 's grave during the funeral in 1957 while gravediggers were covering the coffin with dirt .
All three bodies had been tied and gagged and had concrete blocks tied around their necks .
This upsetted Oba so much that he jumped into his father 's grave during the funeral in 1957 while gravediggers were covering the coffin with dirt .
All three bodies had been bound and gagged and had concrete blocks tied around their necks .
The main Christian beliefs are held by all major Christian denominations .
These beliefs are often said aloud by Christian people in a statement of faith which is called the Creed .
This important addition describes what the four most important things about that Christians were to believe about the Christian Church .
The Church is One .
This means that there is only one true Christian Church .
It is universal .
The Church is Holy .
This means that it is the Church of the true and living God .
The Church is Catholic .
This means that the Church includes everyone who is a true Christian believer .
The Church is Apostolic .
This means that it was begun by the Twelve apostles of Jesus and that Christian believers follow in their footsteps .
The main Christian beliefs are held by all the larger denominations and are often said aloud by Christian people in a statement of faith which is called the Creed .
The Latin word ecclesia is a of the Greek word .
Most Romance languages use this word .
This Latin word is sometimes used in English as well .
The term became common in with the doctrine of the Nicene Creed .
It is often still used to distinguish between beliefs consistent with this first official doctrine of faith and those outside of this doctrine .
The phrase Church Militant and Church Triumphant is used to express the concept of a united Church that exists also in Heaven .
The term Communion of Saints means that all Christians have the same faith and that all are bound together through prayer regardless of the physical separation or separation by death .
Christianity is divided into five main groups .
These groups all branched out at different dates from the Early Christian Church founded by the followers of Jesus .
The groups then divided into smaller groups .
Each group that has its own separate name is a denomination .
The word denomination means having a name .
Each of these five has important subdivisions .
The Protestant branch of Christianity is much more divided up than any of the others .
All the many divisions of Protestantism are not shown on the diagram .
Each separate Protestant Church is called a denomination .
Many Christian denomination see themselves as part of the worldwide Church which includes other denominations as well .
These beliefs are called heresy by the other churches .
Each of these five divisions has important subdivisions .
Denomination typically refers to one of the many Christian groupings including each of the multitude of Protestant subdivisions .
Not all churches teach this .
The Roman Catholic and Orthodox Churches do not use this term as its implication of interchangeability does not agree with their theological teachings .
REDIRECTSimple English Wikipedia is smacked by Duke Nukem 's Mighty Foot .
The word comes from the Latin credo for I believe .
It is likely that the earliest creed of Christianity that deserves the title in full is the Apostles ' Creed .
He descended into hell .
On the third day he rose again .
He will come again to judge the living and the dead .
The most important additions to this creed are much more elaborate statements concerning Christology and the Trinity .
More detailed credal declarations of Islamic dogma constitute aqidah .
One of the attributes of Allah is his Speech .
It is not denied except by a Jahmee .
A Jahmee is one who denies Allah 's attributes .
Creeds and Confessions of Faith in the Christian Tradition .
Edited by Jaroslav Pelikan and Valerie Hotchkiss .
Published by Yale University Press in 2003 .
During his lifetime he was not very well known .
Today Blake 's work is thought to be important in the history of both poetry and the visual arts .
The hymn is called Jerusalem .
Blake was voted 38th in a poll of the 100 Greatest Britons organized by the BBC in 2002 .
He was voted 38th in a poll of the 100 Greatest Britons organized by the BBC in 2002 .
Historians look at institutions to find differences between eras or periods .
They sometimes judge political and military events by the effect that they had on institutions .
In history one looks at institutions to find differences between eras or periods .
People judge political and military events in context with their influce on institutions .
The Key lime is a citrus fruit .
It is a shrub that grows to about 5m in height .
The fruit is yellow when ripe but usually it is picked green .
They are yellowish white with a light purple tinge on the margins .
It was introduced through the Middle East to North Africa and Europe during the Crusades .
Key would seem to have been added some time after the Persian lime cultivar became more important commercially in the United States .
This was after the hurricane of 1926 .
Some plants growing in the wild in the Keys survived the hurricane .
It is valued for its unique flavor compared to other lime .
The key lime usually has a more tart and bitter flavor .
The fruit is about 6 cm in diameter .
The key lime is grown more often worldwide .
The fruit also has a longer shelf life .
Persian limes are less acidic than key limes and do n't have the bitterness that lends to the key lime 's unique flavor .
Persian lime orchards themselves were devastated by Hurricane Andrew in 1992 .
They are less acidic than key limes and do n't have the bitterness that lends to the key lime 's unique flavor .
It is widely grown worldwide as a backyard shrub .
The leaves are used for cooking .
Vegetable oil obtained from the leaves is used to make perfumes .
The plant is a very thorny bush with aromatic leaves .
The oil obtained from the rind of the fruit can be used as an insecticide .
The green lime fruits are different from other limes because of their bumpy and rough exterior .
The leaves are shaped like an hourglass .
A very thorny bush with aromatic leaves .
Well suited to container growing .
It is the capital of Al Madinah Province .
The short form Mad nah simply means city .
Medina is very important to muslims .
The Mosque was built on a site next to Muhammad 's home .
Muslims believe that Prophets must be buried at the very same place that they die .
Those who argue against the reforms say that he is an autocra who has mismanaged the economy .
BBC News .
Others sympathize with his ideology or welcome his bilateral trade and reciprocal aid agreements .
People in these communities post their fanfiction and receive feedback from other community members .
A grenade is a weapon that is meant to do heavy destruction .
Glycolysis is the stage before all metabolic processes known .
Glycolysis is the archetype of all metabolic processes known .
Therefore one can find it in many types of cells in nearly all organisms .
The reason is that it is the foundation of both aerobic and anaerobic respiration .
Production of pyruvate for the citric acid cycle as part of aerobic respiration .
Some of the metabolites in glycolysis have alternative names and nomenclature .
Corn pops is a very tasty cereal .
I was invented with the idea of popcorn being made into a cereal .
Alexandra is best remembered as the last Tsaritsa of Russia .
She is also one of the most famous royal carriers of the hemophilia disease .
Her friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important part of her life .
That area was a part of the German Empire at the time .
Her father was Grand Duke Louis IV .
Alix 's mother became sick after caring for Ernie when he came down with the disease .
Princess Alix became very close to her maternal grandmother .
She was often thought to be Victoria 's favorite granddaughter .
Alix was married relatively late for a princess in those times .
His uncle Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich was married to Alix 's sister Elizabeth .
He later changed his mind as his health began get bad .
Alix did not like the need that she had to turn away from her Lutheran faith .
The Russian tsaritsa had to be Orthodox .
She later changed her mind and in time became a strong convert to the faith .
Alexandra watched the murder of her husband and two servants before Peter Ermakov killed her with a gun shot to the left side of her head before she could finish making the sign of the cross .
A short time later they were retrieved .
Their faces and bodies were badly damaged so they could not be recognized .
All of the bodies except for two of the children were later buried again .
Her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
She died aged 4 shortly before the end of the month .
Princess Alix became very close to her maternal grandmother and was often thought to be Victoria 's favorite granddaughter .
The coronation celebrations were marred by the deaths of several thousand peasants who were trampled to death at the Khodynka Tragedy when they thought there were not enough gifts for everyone to receive .
Alexandra was unpopular at court and with the Russian people .
She did not attempt to forge bonds with the other members of the large Romanov family and she generally attended as few court occasions as possible .
She was not good at establishing happy family relationships with her husband 's family .
Her failure to produce an heir to the Russian throne in her first four attempts was also judged harshly .
She married King Alfonso XIII of Spain and two of her sons were hemophiliacs .
At this point Alexandra took the advice of her intimate friend Anna Vyrubova and sent a telegram to Grigori Rasputin .
Rasputin was eventually murdered in December 1916 .
The outbreak of World War I was a pivotal moment for Russia and Alexandra .
The war pitted the Russian Empire of the Romanov dynasty against the much stronger militarily German Empire of the Hohenzollern dynasty .
Mass shortages and hunger became the daily standard of living of tens of millions of Russians due to the disruptions of the war economy .
The decision of the Tsar to take personal command of the military did not improve its performance .
Food shortages worsened and famine gripped the cities .
Alexandra sends boxes to Russian prisoners of war .
The Tsar responded by dissolving the Duma .
Anarchy was rampant .
The Duma informed the Tsar that day that he must abdicate .
The route was blocked so he tried another way .
Nicholas finally was allowed to return to the Alexander Palace at Tsarskoe Selo where he was under arrest with his family .
Alexandra watched the murder of her husband and two servants before military commissar Peter Ermakov killed her with a gun shot to the left side of her head before she could finish making the sign of the cross .
DNA analysis represented a key means of identifying the bodies .
Nicholas was identified from DNA obtained from among others his late brother Grand Duke George Alexandrovich of Russia .
Jewels of the Romanovs .
It is famous in popular culture as what Popeye would eat in order to become very strong .
Spinach is a green leafy vegetable .
I is famous in popular culture as what Popeye would eat in order to become very strong .
It 's also the ejekt of me and my friends .
Enjoy your meal !
It is traditionally not very popular with children .
It is famous in popular culture as what Popeye would eat in order to become very strong .
These slits look like fleshy folds .
The size is measured from the tip of the snout to the tip of the tail .
Hellbenders are completely aquatic .
They are nocturnal .
Slimy secretions which they produce can be harmful to some of their predators .
They follow a normal life cycle of a fish .
Hellbenders are completely aquatic and are nocturnal .
Slimy secretions which they produce can be noxious to some of their predators .
They can be found most often under large rocks in shallow rapids .
They stay under cover of rocks or other large submerged objects by day .
They will stick their heads out .
The rocks they live under are defended from other Hellbenders .
They rarely share their home .
Most frequently found beneath large rocks in shallow rapids .
The entrance is positioned out of the direct current .
It usually points downstream .
He then may aggressively prevent her from leaving until she lays some eggs .
The male drives the female away from the nests after they have laid their eggs .
He then guards the eggs for an undertermined amount of time .
Incubating males will rock back and forth and undulate their lateral folds .
This increases oxygen supply to the eggs and the adult .
During this time the male will develop swolen cloacal glands .
The entrance is positioned out of the direct current and usually points downstream .
He then may aggressively prevent her from leaving until she oviposits .
The male drives the female away from the nests after they have oviposited but then guards the eggs for an undertermined amount of time .
They are the largest living amphibians known today .
The same species Andrias scheuchzeri plays a main role in Karel apek 's book War with the Newts .
In 2001 Nickelodeon made it a TV series .
This theory builds on older ideas of continental drift and seafloor spreading .
The outermost part of the Earth 's interior is made up of two layers .
Below the lithosphere is the asthenosphere .
This is caused by extremely high pressure .
The lithosphere consists of tectonic plates .
These plates move at one of three types of plate boundaries .
Earth system history .
This theory replaces the older theory of continental drift from the first half of the 20th century and the concept of seafloor spreading that was developed during the 1960s .
Below the lithosphere lies the asthenosphere .
Tectonic plates can create mountains earthquakes and volcanoes depending on which way the plates are moving .
It consists of about 50 km of crust and 100km or more of uppermost mantle .
McMahon and his family are still a regular part of many storylines for the company with McMahon playing the role of the evil owner .
McMahon and his family were still a regular part of many storylines for the company with McMahon playing the role of the evil owner .
This service is quickly replacing the TTY for deaf people to make phone calls .
People who use VRS can communicate in sign language instead of typing on a keyboard .
A deaf or hard of hearing person can use a remote control and call an interpreter .
This service is fast replacing the TTY for deaf to make phone calls .
A deaf or hard of hearing person can use the remote to their VP and dial an Interpreter .
The city is also the main port of Togo .
The city was founded in the eighteenth century by the Ewe people .
Bey Beach became the capital of Togo when the German rulers moved the capital from Aneho in 1897 .
The city then grew quickly until it was taken by the French Army in 1914 during World War I.
Cyanobacteria are a taxon of bacteria which conduct photosynthesis .
Cyanobacteria is are a taxon of bacteria which conduct photosynthesis .
The fact that the air pressure is falling is as important to predicting the weather as the actual pressure itself .
This is the kind of situation that might be described by a differential equation .
The magnetic field inside an electromagnet depends on the rate at which the electric current passing through it is changing .
Force is equal to the rate at which momentum changes .
The rate at which the value of the dollar is falling might tell us something about the rate at which the price of gold is rising .
Water and sound waves behave the way they do because they are obeying a differential equation .
These are said to be coupled differential equations .
Some mathematicians devote their career to investigating differential equations that are difficult to solve .
A differential equation is a mathematical equation for an unknown function of one or several variables which relates the values of the function itself and of its derivatives of various orders .
A muffin is very yucky dessert .
YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !
They left that church in order to come into full communion with Catholic Church .
Hope is a confidence in something wanted .
Hope is a confidence in something desired .
He is the character that causes problems for the group most often and is also the character who dies the most .
He is the character causes problems for the group most often and is also the character who dies the most .
Titus Macchius Plautus was a playwright who lived in Ancient Rome .
Many people simply call him Plautus .
This might have been where his love of the theater came from .
His talent as an actor was eventually discovered .
Tradition also says that he eventually made enough money to go into the shipping business .
He then is said to have worked as a manual laborer .
His studies led to the production of his plays .
Plautus was a popular comedic playwright .
Many things were only starting to evlove .
They were worshipped but also stood as a national symbol .
This can be seen in Poenulus and Rudens .
This might have been where his love of the theater originated .
Gnaeus Naevius was another Roman playwright of the late third century BC .
Naevius ' imprisonment and eventual exile is a case of state censorship .
This fear of censorship may have influenced Plautus ' choice of what he wrote about and how he wrote about it .
It is necessary to compare the Greek Old comedy with the Greek New Comedy of Menander .
This needs to be done to discover their similarities to Plautus ' works .
Each of these plays and the others that Aristophanes wrote are known for their critical commentary about politics and society .
It has a very good idea about the world in which it functions and analyzes that world accordingly .
Each of these plays and the others that Aristophanes wrote are known for their critical political and societal commentary .
It is extremely conscious of the world in which it functions and analyzes that world accordingly .
His comedies are among the earliest surviving intact works of Latin literature .
Little is known about Plautus ' early life .
Plautus ' comedies are among the earliest surviving intact works in Latin literature .
They are mostly adaptations of Greek models for a Roman audience .
The historical context within which Plautus wrote dictated the nature of his plays to a certain extent .
There are certain ways in which Plautus comments on current events and people .
Many things were only starting to evolve .
His comedies are among the earliest surviving intact works in Latin literature .
Little is known about Titus Macchius Plautus ' early life .
Many things were only starting to evlove .
Titus Macchius Plautus wrote plays in Ancient Rome .
Many people just call him Plautus .
His comedies are among the earliest works of Latin literature not in destruction .
He is also one of the earliest writers of musical theater .
His talent as an actor was soon discovered .
He then is said to have worked as someone who worked with his hands .
His studies led to his plays being shown .
Plautus ' comedies are mostly adaptations of Greek plays for Roman people .
They are usually based on the works of the Greek playwrights .
These gods were an important part of the Romans ' lives in Plautus ' time and people were supposed to worship them .
Titus Macchius Plautus was a playwright who lived in Ancient Rome .
Many people simply call him Plautus .
His comedies are among the earliest surviving intact works of Latin literature .
He is also one of the earliest pioneers of musical theater .
His talent as an actor was eventually discovered .
He then is said to have worked as a manual laborer .
His studies led to the production of his plays .
Plautus attained such popularity that his name alone was a guarantee of theatrical success .
Plautus ' comedies are among the earliest surviving intact works in Latin literature .
They are mostly adaptations of Greek models for a Roman audience .
The historical context within which Plautus wrote dictated the nature of his plays to a certain extent .
There are certain ways in which Plautus comments on current events and people .
Plautus was a popular comedic playwright .
Many things were only starting to evolve .
These gods were an important part of everyday life to the Romans of Plautus ' time and a citizen had a duty to his state to worship them .
His comedies are among the earliest works of Latin literature that has not been lost .
He also helped to change the scenes .
This might be when he started to love the theater .
People noticed that he was a talented actor .
His comedies are among the earliest works of Latin literature not in destruction .
This might have been where his love of the theater came from .
His talent as an actor was soon discovered .
Tradition also says that he eventually made enough money to go into the shipping business .
Tolliver tells us that the gods were not exactly like the gods worshipped today .
These gods were an important part of the Romans ' lives in Plautus ' time and people were supposed to worship them .
Tolliver tells us that the gods were not exactly like our contemporary gods .
After demanding a bigger salary he moved back to Fulham .
He has had many operations including one in 2006 for a brain tumor .
Robson said on 6 May 2007 that he had been diagnosed with cancer for the fifth time .
Robson quit from this position on 17 November 2007 .
They look like mice of the genus Mus .
Their coats have unusually stiff guard hairs that work the same way as the spines of a hedgehog .
These stiff hairs are why they are called the spiny mouse .
African spiny mice originated in the deserts of Africa .
The spiny mouse should never be picked up by its tail and should be handled with care to avoid a degloving injury .
They need constant attention and should NEVER be housed in a cage smaller than 4X4 ft.
Other females within the social group may help in the birthing process and look after the pups .
Pups are born with their eyes open and fully furred .
They will begin to leave the nesting area at about 3 days of age .
Pups are weaned around 5 to 6 weeks and reach sexual maturity at about 6 to 9 weeks .
A female can become pregnant throughout the year and may have up to 12 litters in a year .
Their appearance resembles that of m mice of the genus Mus .
They require constant attention and should NEVER be housed in a cage smaller than 4X4 ft.
Other females within the social group may assist in the birthing process and tend to the newborns .
Babies are weaned around 5 to 6 weeks and reach sexual maturity at about 6 to 9 weeks .
A female can conceive throughout the year and may produce up to 12 litters in a year .
Pups are born with their eyes open and covered in fur .
A female can become pregnant at any time in the year and may have up to 12 litters in a year .
Spiny mice can live for 4 to 5 yearsThe Bristol ZooThe Oregon Zoo .
Pups are born with their eyes open and fully furred .
A female can become pregnant throughout the year and may have up to 12 litters in a year .
Lifespan for spiny mice is 4 to 5 yearsThe Bristol ZooThe Oregon Zoo .
Several ground squirrels of the family Sciuridae are often called gophers as well .
Most of them can be found in the state of Nevada .
Both species of kangaroo mouse live in sandy desert ecosystems .
They forage for seeds and vegetation amongst the scrub brush of their native habitat .
The kangaroo mouse collects food and maintains large stocks in their burrows .
Zarbon is a powerful warrior who values beauty and his physical appearance above all else .
It was Zarbon who is shown to have advised Frieza that it would be wise to wipe out the entire Saiyan race before they posed a threat .
He is depicted as being beside Frieza as he killed King Vegeta and destroyed planet Vegeta .
Zarbon is an effeminate warrior who values beauty and his physical appearance above all else .
He is also on of Freiza 's more powerful men and is his right hand man .
He is considered to be quite handsome and he wears a heavily cultural garb .
His light blue skin and golden eyes indicate his reptilian alien ancestry .
Zarbon has the distinct ability to transform into a reptilian beast .
He advised Frieza that it would be wise to wipe out the entire Saiyan race before they posed a threat .
He was beside Frieza as he killed King Vegeta and destroyed planet Vegeta .
Zarbon is able to help him collect most of the Dragon balls alongside Dodoria by mercilessly slaughtering Namekians in order to squeeze information out of them .
This allows him to easily beat Vegeta who he leaves to die .
This enables Vegeta to overcome Zarbon .
Grist is grain that has been separated from its chaff and is ready for grinding .
It can also mean grain that has already been ground at a grist mill .
The word grist is related to the verb to grind .
Grist is grain that has been separated from its chaff in preparation for grinding .
It can also mean grain that has been ground at a grist mill .
Its etymology derives from the verb grind .
The yerba mate plant is a shrub or small tree .
It can grow up to 15 meters tall .
They have a serrated margin .
It is slightly weaker than coffee and much gentler on the stomach .
It is similar to that of some varieties of green tea .
It is therefore made using hot but not boiling water .
The yerba mate plant is a shrub or small tree growing up to 15 meters tall .
It is slightly less potent than coffee and much gentler on the stomach .
The milk of a cow is believed to refine a person .
Modern science states that the smoke from cow dung is a powerful disinfectant and is good against pollution .
The cow 's urine is also used for religious ceremonies as well as for medical reasons .
Honoring the cow inspires in people the virtues of gentleness and connectedness with nature .
Its urine is also used for religious rituals as well as medicinal purposes .
Hindus call the presence of God into the image so that they can communicate with him and receive his blessings .
Some temples do not have any murti in the sanctum but a symbolic diagram .
Some Hindu branches reject the worship of images .
Hindus invoke the presence of God into the image so that they can communicate with him and receive his blessings .
Santorini is the hot spot for holidays 2007 .
The island has beautiful beaches and wonderful resturants .
A hypothesis is something that can explain a event .
A hypothesis is something that can explain an event .
A member is a person or animal who is in the same group .
A member is a person who is in a group of people .
In that understanding receiving the Holy Spirit is necessary for salvation and includes speaking in tongues .
Receiving the Holy Spirit is necessary for salvation and includes speaking in tongues .
Pentecostal theologians are listed in the article Renewal Theologians .
The Basic Roman spelling of English is a 2002 proposal for regular English spelling .
Short vowels and consonants are spelled as in the tradition of most Romanized languages .
The Basic Roman system serves no particular standard of English pronunciation .
The Basic Roman spelling of English is a 2002 proposal for English spelling regularityL .
One of the most important texts about the Ascension is in the Acts of the Apostles .
There Jesus is taken up bodily into heaven forty days after his resurrection .
The word ascension means going up .
The holiday is celebrated forty days after his resurrection .
Ascension Day is officially celebrated on a Thursday .
It is a very important feast in the calendar of the Christian Church .
The Epistle to the Romans is a book from the Bible which was written about the year 56 or 57 .
The text says that the apostles saw this happening .
It describes Jesus as being taken up into heaven and sitting at God 's right hand .
The picture of Jesus rising bodily into the heavens fits in with the old traditional idea that heaven was above the earth .
The feast of the Ascension has been celebrated for many centuries .
This text has been important to Christians ever since it was made in 325 .
It is important for Christian belief because it shows that Jesus ' humanity was taken into Heaven .
There is plenty of evidence that shows that the feast dates back at least to the later 300s .
Some describe the Ascension as a convenient way to disagree with ongoing appearance claims in the Christian community .
According to the doctrine Jesus ascended to heaven with his apostles .
The holiday is forty days after his resurrection .
Ascension Day is officially celebrated on a Thursday However not all countries hold the feast on this day .
It is a very important feast in the calendar of the Church .
The Epistle to the Romans was written about the year 56 or 57 .
The image of Jesus rising bodily into the heavens reflects the ancient view that heaven was above the earth .
The observance of this feast is of great antiquity .
Some describe the Ascension as a convenient device to discredit ongoing appearance claims within the Christian community .
The chief god was Ptah .
It was combined with the beliefs that were already there .
This process continued even after the end of the ancient Egyptian civilization as it is known today .
An example of this process might be the New Kingdom .
Beliefs about the soul and afterlife focused mainly on preserving the body .
A heart that weighed less than the feather was considered a pure heart .
This resulted in a good outcome .
Beliefs about the soul and afterlife focused heavily on preservation of the body .
Many times a person would be buried with surrogate hearts to replace their own for the weighing of the heart ceremony .
Horus became the king .
The outer layer of the coffins was a stone sarcophagus .
They left the heart in place because they thought it was the home of the soul .
They were individually customized for the dead .
They were buried along with the dead to make their passage into the underworld easier .
Horus became the King .
They left the heart in place because it was thought to be the home of the soul .
Kyle usually acts as the protagonist to Cartman 's antagonist .
He usually acts as the protagonist to Cartman 's antagonist .
Cartman is deviant .
He often reacts violently to things that he hates .
This comes from his rivalry with Kyle Broflovski .
Bukkake is when multiple people ejaculate with their penises on a person 's face or body at the same time .
It comes from the Japanese verb bukkakeru which means to splash .
There are strong overtones of erotic humiliation in this practice .
Nancy Drew 's birth year is 1912 and she is 18 years old in the books .
He went to Al Najah school .
The civil war in 1975 caused his family to move to their old home in Bassouriyeh .
He went to Al Najah school .
It is a piece of laboratory glassware .
It can hold chemical solutions .
The flask has a round body with a long neck .
The flask usually come in volumes of 1 liter .
Auckland Grammar School is a public school in Auckland New Zealand .
The school also has some places near the school where students who come from distant places can live .
It is one of the biggest schools in New Zealand .
The school has more than two thousand students .
The School 's motto is Per Angusta Ad Augusta .
It means Through to greatness .
Auckland Grammar School was first set up in 1868 by Sir George Grey .
The Governor of New Zealand asked for military help from the British Empire .
Britain sent up to one million soldiers to New Zealand to end the problems .
Many of the soldiers settled with their families in Auckland .
Sir George Grey decided to create Auckland Grammar School to give a very good education to the soldiers ' sons .
People of all classes or racial background who live in New Zealand are all the same when it comes to being allowed to go to the school .
Auckland Grammar School is a public school that exists in Auckland New Zealand .
The school also has some places near the school to house students who come from faraway places .
It is one of the biggest schools in New Zealand and has more than two thousand students .
The School 's motto is Per Angusta Ad Augusta which means Through difficulties to greatness .
The school 's rules also noted that people of all classes or racial background who inhabit the colony of new Zealand are all to be equally admitted .
Lebanese Jews became targets to Islamic militant groups since 1984 .
Only two Jews remained in Wadi Abu Jimail Street .
It is believed that there are only sixty Jews left in Lebanon .
Bentheuphausia amblyops is a species of krill .
The features most easily used to tell it apart are that the animals are not bioluminescent and that their first pair of pleopods is not modified as copulatory tool organs .
These are the last five of the eight pairs of thoracic legs characteristic of crustaceans .
The front three pairs are used as jaws and are called maxillipeds .
More legs are found on the abdomen .
The last of them form part of the tail fan and are called uropods .
Most decapods are scavengers .
These are the last five of the eight pairs of thoracic appendages characteristic of crustaceans .
The front three pairs function as mouthparts and are generally referred to as maxillipeds .
The others are pereiopods .
More appendages are found on the abdomen .
Each segment can carry a pair of biramous pleopods .
It can help parents choose which movies their children can watch .
It can help parents determine which movies their children can watch .
No one 17 or under can watch the movie .
No one 17 or under can watch the movie .
Singapore was the first country and India the second to ban the book .
It is taken and changed from Chinese characters .
Often the kanji are read differently when they appear alone and when they form a compound word .
The kanji are classed on basis of how many brush strokes they are made of .
The simplest kanji have one stroke and the most complex may have up to 23 strokes .
It is taken and changed from Chinese letters .
This is because the male torso does not have such a connotation .
This is because the male torso does not have such a connotaion .
A statistical test works out a number which relates the information to the question .
This is compared to other numbers .
The critical value is the number which the test would give if the question was true .
The question is known as the hypothesis .
Its value is compared to a critical value which assumes the hypothesis is true .
Values more extreme than the critical value are taken to be evidence that the hypothesis is false .
Energy efficiency is using less energy to provide the same level of energy service .
So efficient energy use is achieved primarily by means of a more efficient technology rather than by changes in invidual behavior .
So efficient energy use is achieved primarily by means of a more efficient technology or process rather than by changes in invidual behavior .
So efficient energy use is achieved primarily by means of a more efficient technology rather than by changes in individual behavior .
So efficient energy use is achieved primarily by means of a more efficient technology rather than by changes in invidual behavior .
The endorsement test is really a question that you can ask if you think that the government is doing something in favor of religion .
John Wesley Hillman was the first European to discover Crater Lake .
It is a tree that has been moving up and down in the water for more than 100 years .
John Wesley Hillman was the first European American to discover Crater Lake .
Crater Lake is known for its famous piece of driftwood named the Old Man of the Lake .
It is a tree that has been moving up and down in the water for more than a century .
Gribbles bore into wood and plant material for as food .
Gribbles bore into wood and plant material for ingestion as food .
So was Linus Pauling .
An illusion is a distortion of how things seem to be .
They are the most known and understood .
They are illusions that are heard .
An Illusion is a distortion of how things seem to be .
Auditory Illusions are illusions that are heard .
This included the famous interrupted pendulum .
Monophyletic means common descent form a single ancestor .
A group which contains organisms that have not descended from a common ancestor is called polyphyletic .
Splitting the genus may split explanations of functional evolution to require convergence .
Unity of explanation through functional evolution is challenged by the atomization required by strict monophyly .
Members of the order are called lepidopterans .
A person who collects or studies this order is called a Lepidopterist .
Lepidopterans go through complete metamorphosis .
This means that they have a four parts of their life .
The first part is the egg .
The second part is the caterpillar or larva .
The third part is the pupa .
The last part is the adult or imago .
The larvae have a tough head and a soft body .
They have mouths that are made to .
The larvae have three pairs of small legs on the thorax .
These legs are called true legs .
There are up to five pairs of bigger legs on the abdomen .
These legs are called prolegs .
Lepidopteran larvae can be with the larvae of sawflies .
The between Lepidopteran larvae and sawfly larvae is that Lepidopteran larvae have tiny hooks on their prolegs .
These hooks are called crochets .
Adults have two pairs of wings .
They are covered by small scales .
This is more common in females .
Adults have antennae .
Some moths have antennae that look like feathers .
Adults have a mouth part called a proboscis .
It is made for nectar from flowers .
Some adults do not have mouths and can not feed .
Others have different mouths that are made to pierce and suck blood or fruit .
Members of the order are referred to as lepidopterans .
A person who collects or studies this order is referred to as a Lepidopterist .
Lepidopterans undergo complete metamorphosis .
They can be confused with the larvae of sawflies .
Antennae are prominent .
This example scores the point that deployment of CHP depends on heat uses in the neighborhood of the heat engine .
This example scores the point that deployment of CHP depends on heat uses in the vicinity of the heat engine .
Flames naturally produce heats suitable for a boiler .
Large cogeneration systems provide heating water and power for an industrial site or an entire town .
Steam turbine CHP plants that use the heating system as the steam condenser for the steam turbine .
Smaller cogeneration units may use a reciprocating engine or Stirling engine .
The heat is removed from the exhaust and the radiator .
Some cogeneration plants are fired by biomass .
The dew point is the temperature where water vapor condenses into liquid water .
All air holds different amounts of water vapor .
The dew point shows the amount of moisture in the air .
The dew point of humid air will be higher than the dew point of dry air .
Condensation of water vapor starts when the temperature of air is lowered to its dew point and beyond .
What is the dew point ?
All air contains water vapor of varying quantities .
The dew point indicates the amount of moisture in the air .
A state of saturation exists when the air is holding the maximum amount of water vapor possible at the existing temperature and pressure .
Condensation of water vapor begins when the temperature of air is lowered to its dew point and beyond .
A heat engine is device that converts heat into mechanical motion that can be used to do work .
Many kinds of real heat engines have been invented like the internal combustion engine that drives cares and the steam engine that once powered ships and trains .
Scientists called thermodynamists study heat engines and how they work .
There are many kinds of Heat engine .
Each has a thermodynamic cycle .
Some heat engines may generate heat inside the engine itself .
Others may absorb heat from an external source .
A heat engine is a physical or theoretical device that converts thermal energy to mechanical output .
Heat engines typically run on a specific thermodynamic cycle .
Heat engines are often named after the thermodynamic cycle they are modeled by .
Heat engines can generate heat inside the engine itself or it can absorb heat from an external source .
When scientists study heat engines they come up with ideas for engines that can not actually be built .
These are called ideal engines or cycles .
Real heat engines are often confused with the ideal engines or cycles they attempt to mimic .
Heat engines are often confused with the cycles they attempt to mimic .
The Mickey Mouse Club was an American variety television series that begun in 1977 and ended in 1996 .
It was directed by Walt Disney Pictures .
The Mickey Mouse Club was an American variety television series that begun in 1955 and ended in 1996 .
It was directed by Walt Disney Productions .
The Mickey Mouse Club was an American television series that begun in 1977 and ended in 1996 .
The show featured many CharactersSnow White and The Seven Dwarfs and Winnie The Pooh and Alice In Wonderland and Peter Pan and The Jungle Book performers that continually changed over the years .
The Mickey Mouse Club was an American variety television series that begun in 1977 and ended in 1996 .
The show featured many teenage performers that continually changed over the years .
The Mickey Mouse Club was an Christmas television series that begun in 1977 and ended in 1996 .
The Mickey Mouse Club was an American television series that begun in 1977 and ended in 1996 .
The show featured many CharactersSnow White and The Seven Dwarfs and Winnie The Pooh and Alice In Wonderland and Peter Pan and The Jungle Book performers that continually changed over the years .
The Mickey Mouse Club was an Christmas television series that begun in 1978 and ended in 1996 .
The show featured many Characters Snow White and The Seven Dwarfs and Alice In Wonderland and Peter Pan and The Jungle Book performers that continually changed over the years .
The Mickey Mouse Club was an Christmas television series that begun in 1977 and ended in 1996 .
The show featured many Disney Characters Alice In Wonderland and Peter Pan and The Jungle Book performers that continually changed over the years .
The show featured many Characters Snow White and The Seven Dwarfs and Alice In Wonderland and Peter Pan and The Jungle Book performers that continually changed over the years .
These Churches are also called Old Oriental Churches .
Oriental Orthodox churches are different from the churches that call themselves Eastern Orthodoxy .
It does not give any special rights to the Church of Alexandria .
The schism between Oriental Orthodoxy and the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox churches happened in the 5th century after the Council of Chalcedon .
Reprinted 2007 .
They reject the dogmatic definitions of the Council of Chalcedon .
Oriental Orthodox churches are different from the churches that collectively call themselves as Eastern Orthodoxy .
Infrastructure is generally a set of structural elements that provide the framework supporting an entire structure .
Infrastructure is generally a set of interconnected structural elements that provide the framework supporting an entire structure .
Chemical properties are determinide with an experiment or a highly developed miki .
Chemical properties are determinide with an experiment or a highly developed model .
A drum stick or drumstick is a wooden stick that is used to hit percussion instruments to make sound .
A drum stick or drumstick is a wooden stick that is used to strike percussion instruments to make sound .
This is article is about the city of Aomori .
This city has a large amount of snow falling every winter .
It 's famous for its apples and tuna fish .
Where does Tritium come from ?
The Heisenberg uncertainty principle states that you ca n't tell exactly where a particle is and exactly what it is doing at the same time .
Tanks and heavy artillery were forbidden and the air force was dissolved .
Germany immediately found means not to keep to these conditions .
A secret collaboration with the Soviet Union began after the treaty of Rapallo .
Germany helped the Soviet Union with industrialisation and Soviet officers were to be trained in Germany .
German tank and air force specialists could exercise in the Soviet Union and German chemical weapons research and manufacture would be carried out there along with other projects .
Large surface vessels were few in number due to construction limitations by international treaties prior to 1935 .
The pocket battleships Admiral Graf Spee and Admiral Scheer were important as commerce raiders only in the opening year of the war .
No aircraft carrier was operational as German leadership lost interest in the Graf Zeppelin which had been launched in 1938 .
The Maya civilization was a very old culture in Mesoamerica .
The Maya civilization is a Mesoamerican civilization .
It began during the Preclassic period .
And it continued throughout the Postclassic period until the arrival of the Spanish .
The Maya civilization is a lot like other Mesoamerican civilizations .
The Maya peoples never disappeared .
They did not disappear at the time of the Classic period decline .
The Maya civilization has a lot in common with other Mesoamerican civilizations .
The area where the Maya civilization developed has been lived in from around the 10th millennium BC .
They started to farm animals .
The area where the Maya civilization developed was inhabited from around the 10th millennium BC .
They started to grow livestock .
It was a period of hunter gatherers .
A period of hunter gatherers .
In this time agriculture and permanent villages developed in the region .
The development of agriculture in the region .
Permanent villages established .
In the center is a image of Mount Ararat with Noah 's Ark sitting on top of it .
Ararat is considered the national symbol of Armenia and so is of significant importance to the coat of arms .
In the center is a depiction of Mount Ararat with Noah 's Ark sitting atop it .
Ararat is considered the national symbol of Armenia and thus is of principal importance to the coat of arms .
This can result from leisure and a lack of aesthetic interests .
Boredom is a condition that happens a person 's environment is dull and has no stimulation .
This can result from leisure and a lack of aesthetic interests .
Boredom is a condition that happens when a person 's environment is dull and has no stimulation .
Some people believe that boredom is away of life and if you never get bored then you are abnormal .
Boredom is a condition that happens a person 's environment is dull and has no stimulation .
Some people believe that boredom is away of life and if you never get bored than you are abnormal .
The fan club was started in 1994 .
Their most popular song is Ichigo Ichi .
They 're now called 3B Lab .
The vocal sang as a member since he was 19 .
Their most popular song is Itigoitie .
Comanche Lodge Learn about the Lords of the Southern Plains !
Surplus is when there is more of something than is needed .
Surplus is when there is more than enough needed of something .
Rumours that Madeleine has been taken to countries such as Morocco and Malta have all been proven to be untrue .
On June 10 suspect Robert Murat was taken in to police station to be questioned about the disappearance and was later realeased .
Rumours that Madeleine has been taken to countries such as Morocco and Malta have all turned out to be untrue .
Madeleine 's parents have started a website in their daughter 's name where people can keep up to date on events and write to the family .
Rumours that Madeleine has been taken to countries such as Morocco and Malta have all been proven to be untrue .
Madeleine 's parents has also started a website in their daughter 's name where people can give clues and write to the family .
On September 7 Kate McCann was reported to be a formal suspect in the disappearance of Madeleine .
As a participant in the Celebrity Big Brother series in 2007 she was at the center of an international outburst arising from bullying and racism directed towards her fellow housemate Shilpa Shetty .
Jade has afterwards tried to repair her damaged reputation and succeeded by going on a trip to India and gave money to charities .
As a participant in the Celebrity Big Brother series in 2007 she was at the center of an international furore arising from bullying and racism directed towards her fellow housemate Shilpa Shetty .
Laredo was founded by Don Tomas Sanchez under the name of Villa de San Agustin de Laredo in 1755 in a colony called Nuevo Santander in New Spain .
Laredo was named after a village in Spain also called Laredo in Cantabria .
His girlfriend is Mirka Vavrinec .
He is a good very good tennis player on clay court .
He is the most dominant male tennis player on clay court .
Screamers was release in early 2007 in select theaters and there is a DVD release schedueled for June 26th 2007 .
He was kept as a hostage until he was let free on July 4 .
The bridge carries the M4 motorway and is one of the main routes into South Wales .
Both bridges are still in use although the newer crossing is more direct and less likely to be closed in strong winds .
A dune field is an area covered by many sand dunes and could be found in antartica .
A dune field is an area covered by many sand dunes .
It is related to the winds and it ability to modify the surface of the Earth and other planets .
It lies on the west bank of the Nile river .
It is about 20 km southwest of central Cairo .
Today it is part of the greater Cairo metropolis .
Giza is most famous as the location of the Giza Plateau .
The plateau is the site of some of the most impressive ancient monuments in the world .
There are a complex of ancient Egyptian royal mortuary and sacred structures there .
It is on the west bank of the Nile river .
It is right on the banks of the Nile River .
Giza is known for being the place where the Giza Plateau is .
It lies on the west bank of the Nile river .
It is located right on the banks of the Nile River .
Giza is most famous as the location of the Giza Plateau .
She has a wide range of shots including hard shots from the back of the court and drop shots which land just over the net .
She has been in both soap operas and movies .
She nominated Latin Grammy in 2001 with her second album Tu veneno .
The territories were separated into provinces .
Both the high courts and the governors had autonomy from the viceroy and carried out most duties on their own .
Only on important issues did the viceroy become involved in ruling the provinces directly .
Lorem ipsum also resembles classical Latin .
The distribution of letters in lorem ipsum is close to that in English language .
This helps to shift the fous to presentation .
They do this to direct the focus to presentation .
Lorem ipsum also approximates a typical distribution of letters in English .
This helps to shift the focus to presentation .
This means that it is often used to fill gaps in the page when text has n't been put in .
This is often called greeking .
A core 's size can vary from each planet or other object .
A core 's size can vary from each astronomical object .
Almost all of the known prion diseases are neurologic diseases .
Prion diseases are very rare .
Almost all of the known prion disease are neurologic diseases .
Prion diseases are extremely rare .
They have a 1 in 33 chance of death from breast cancer .
There are many more people getting breast cancer since the 1970s .
This is because of how people in the Western world live .
Sometimes they do more than one of these cures .
Training means practicing to gain more skills .
Somebody who plays football practices for the football games against other teams so that his team is good and wins .
Basic training is the practicing for people who want to become soldiers .
Training for a job is done in apprenticeships .
Training is different from exercise .
Exercise may be an occasional activity for fun .
A field of training often used in sports is autogenic training .
Another type of training is fartlek training which is a flexible training type which can be adapted to suit almost any athlete .
Training for a job is the core of apprenticeships and provides the backbone of content at technical colleges and polytechnics .
This type of training is most effective for training concepts and ideas .
Training methods have been developed for artificial intelligence as well .
Training differs from exercise in that exercise may be an occasional activity for fun .
She will be released in July of the year 2024 .
She will be able to be released first in July 2024 .
She is the governor of state of Alaska .
She is the first woman to run on the Republican Party 's presidential ticket and the first Alaskan nominee of either major party .
She lost to Joe Biden .
She is both the youngest governor of Alaska and the first female governor of the state .
She was the first woman to be chosen by the Republican Party to try to become either President or Vice President and the first person from Alaska to be picked for one of these jobs by either the Republican or the Democratic Party .
She was the first woman to run on the Republican Party 's presidential ticket and the first Alaskan nominee of either major party .
She was both the youngest governor of Alaska and the first female governor of the state .
She is both the youngest governor of Alaska and the first female governor of the state .
She has not talked to him since then .
She has since been distanced from him .
Fidel Castro took power from Colonel Batista in Cuba in 1959 .
Fidel Castro took power in Cuba in 1959 by overthrowing Colonel Batista .
Cuba had to sell things to the Russians and the USA and Russia were not friendly .
Cuba took over some American businesses which were making use of things it had there .
America refused to buy anything from Cuba after that .
Cuba had to sell things to the Russians .
America hated the Russians .
Russia gave Cuba missiles .
Cuba is near enough the United States that the missiles could reach any important American city .
He had to make sure America would not be attacked .
But Cuba and America did not get along very well by then .
He wanted a chance to negotiate to get the American missile sites off of Turkey .
Whether anyone won is n't really known .
Whether anyone turned out to be better off after the crisis is n't really known .
America blocked ships and airplanes from going into Cuba .
The United States saw Kennedy as the hero who had fought the Commies and kicked their butts .
The United States saw Kennedy as the hero who had fought Communism and won .
The Eisenhower Government was worried that Castro was a Communist and that this could be a threat to American security .
The Kennedy Government took over those plans later .
The Eisenhower Administration was worried that Castro was a Communist .
This was a threat to American security .
The Kennedy Administration inherited those plans .
It was a conflict around Cuba .
They thought this because there was a resolution by the Congress of the United States .
Castro and Soviet premier Nikita Khrushchev agreed to secretly place strategic nuclear missiles in Cuba to be ready if the United States invaded .
The United States was angry when they found out about the missile sites .
What is called the crisis was a conflict around Cuba .
It happened when the Soviet Union began building missile sites in Cuba in 1962 .
Evidence for this was a resolution by the Congress of the United States .
The United States was outraged when they found out about the missile sites .
The very next day a second letter was sent from Russia to Kennedy .
The Soviets and Cubans agreed to take away the missiles if America promised not to attack Cuba .
The USSR lost China 's support over it .
The United States and the USSR had been political enemies after the end of the Second World War in 1945 .
The United States felt it was not right that a country in the Caribbean openly allied itself with the Soviet Union .
This would also make the Monroe Doctrine useless .
The Soviets and Cubans agreed to remove the missiles if America promised not to invade Cuba .
The United States and the USSR had been political enemies since the end of the Second World War in 1945 .
In the opinion of the United States it was therefore unacceptable that a country in the Caribbean openly allied itself with the Soviet Union .
Such an involvement would also make the Monroe Doctrine useless .
Today many people in the younger generations only speak Swedish .
The crew of Expedition 15 are currently aboard .
At present the station has a capacity for a crew of three .
The ISS was also the destination of the first five space tourists .
Amethysts are also worn because people think it makes them look .
Amethysts are also worn because people think it makes them look and .
He became a member of the British Parliament in 1765 .
Burke supported the American Revolutionbut amde attacks against the French Revolution .
Many people consider Burke to be one of the founders of conservatism .
Some of his other writings include the book ' and the treatise on beauty A Philosophical Enquiry into the Origins of Our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful .
Some of these zeroes may be the same .
Many people say that the theorem 's name is wrong because it is used more in analysis than algebra .
Canaanites are the first people recorded in history who lived in the area .
Canaanites are the first people recorded in history to have lived in the area .
Most of the citizens of Israel are Jewish and some are Arabs who are Muslims or Christians .
Israel became an independent country in 1948 .
Israel is on the eastern side of the Mediterranean Sea .
Israel also controls the West Bank of the Jordan River .
Israel is on the eastern edge of the Mediterranean Sea .
Israel also controls territory in the Gaza Strip and on the West Bank of the Jordan River .
Hall acted with Eddie Murphy in the movies Coming to America and Harlem Nights .
Hall costarred with Eddie Murphy in the movies Coming to America and Harlem Nights .
Hall costarred with Eddie Murphy in the movies Coming to America and Harlem Nights .
Hall acted with Eddie Murphy in the movies Coming to America and Harlem Nights .
Its stated goal is to become a really good drawing tool while being able to fit in with standards for SVG graphics .
Inkscape is a vector graphics editor program released under the GNU General Public License .
Its stated goal is to become a powerful graphic tool while being fully compliant with the standards .
It is a fork of another Vector Graphics program called Sodipodi .
The series takes place in a fantasy world .
In each nation there are groups of people called Benders who can control the element their nation is named for .
Airbender and avatar Aang is the last of his kind .
It is up to him to save a nation from an attack of Firebenders .
Airbender and avatar Aang is the last of his kind and it is up to him to save a nation from an attack of Firebenders .
There are four nations of benders .
It is up to him to save the world from an attack by Firebenders .
His immature acts make others underestimate his smartness .
She is Zuko 's younger sister and one of the bad girls of the series .
It is up to him to save a nation from an attack by Firebenders .
His immature acts makes others underestimate his smartness .
She is Zuko 's younger sister and one of the bad girl of the series .
The people who started building the city were the Romans .
The city was founded by the Romans .
He was a Zoroastrian .
He was a Zoroastrianism .
The film was very popular and three sequels were made .
The film was very popular and three sequals were made .
He was also famous for voicing the cartoon characters Tennessee Tuxedo and Inspector Gadget .
He also gained fame came when he gave voice to Inspector Gadget as the title character .
Correlation does not always mean that once causes the other .
Lots of different measurements of correlation are used for different situations .
A number of different coefficients are used for different situations .
Correlation measures the strength of a linear relationship between two variables .
Constantine organized the Council along the lines of the Roman Senate .
The majority of the bishops agreed .
Another possibility is the Apostle 's Creed .
This profession of faith was adopted by all the bishops but two from Libya who had been closely associated with Arius from the beginning .
Much of the debate hinged on the difference between being born or created and being begotten .
This belief was expressed in the Nicene Creed .
Then followed immediately the canons of the council .
The initial number of bishops supporting Arius was small .
Translated by Frank Williams .
There was subsequent conflict over this very matter .
See also Computus and Reform of the date of Easter .
The suppression of the Meletian schism was one of the three important matters that came before the Council of Nicaea .
From the Catholic Encyclopedia article on Meletius .
The Meletians ultimately died out around the middle of the fifth century .
Eustathius of Antioch was deposed and exiled in 330 .
The purpose was to define unity of beliefs for the whole of Christendom .
She is now venerated in the Roman Catholic Church as a saint .
Helena Kowalska was the third of ten children .
She was born to a poor family .
Sister Faustina claimed she had visited Purgatory .
She also said to have seen and spoken to Jesus and Mary several times .
From beneath the garment came two large rays .
Faustina wrote a diary .
Helena Kowalska was the third of ten children born to a poor family .
Bulgarian is similar to those languages .
An Erlenmeyer flask or conical flask is a kind of flask with a base in the shape of a cone and a short neck .
Flasks are used in laboratories .
An Erlenmeyer flask or conical flask is a laboratory equipment with a base and a short neck .
Girlfriends are not single girls .
The United Nations prefers the phrase Indigenous peoples to these descriptions .
The other descriptions sometimes sound negative .
Indigenous people were oppressed in colonial times .
Colonial settlers often robbed the indigenous treasures and lands .
Colonialiasm often wanted indigenous people to believe that they were lower class than the new settlers .
This is propaganda .
The term indigenous people means people who were the first who lived in a certain region .
It is the preferred term in use by the United Nations and its subsidiary organizations .
One of the first targets of law enforcement actions against illegal prostitution is to find the people who force people into prostitution .
This is called sexual slavery .
It is the third largest and fastest growing criminal industry in the world .
This does not include millions trafficked inside their own countries .
Approximately 80 percent of transnational victims are women and girls and up to half of them are minors .
Establishments engaged in sexual slavery are the highest priority targets of law enforcement actions against prostitution .
It has been suggested that human trafficking is the fastest growing form of modern day slavery and is the third largest and fastest growing criminal industry in the world .
Approximately eighty percent of transnational victims are women and girls and up to half of them are minors .
Sex trafficking is illegal .
Often they are kidnapped or orphaned .
In some cases they are even sold by their own families .
Once overseas it is common for their passport to be taken away by the trafficker and to be warned of the consequences should they attempt to escape .
Approximately 80 percent of transnational victims are women and girls and up to half of them are minors .
Family Guy is a 1999 cartoon comedy TV show created by Seth MacFarlane .
The show puts humor into common everyday situations and is famous for their special style of comedy that always shows scenes from the past .
Though recently the comedy has been more focused at making jokes than telling stories .
Family Guy is a 1999 animated comedy television series created by Seth MacFarlane .
The show puts humor into common everyday situations and is famous for their flashback style of comedy .
Though recently the comedy has been more focused at making jokes than actual plots .
It is programmed in a special version of Java called RuneScript .
RuneScape is a game that is played on a computer .
It is set in a fantasy land that reminds some people of Medieval times .
Runescape was one of the first online games to allow people to play against each other .
DeviousMud used two dimensional graphics .
It was never released to the public .
RuneScape uses both 2D isometric graphics and three dimensional graphics .
Jagex was formed soon after .
Andrew Gower is head of development .
RuneScape is considered a free online game .
RuneScape is played on 159 servers .
Player killing in Runescape has been removed .
The game is open to free playing players and paying players .
They do n't even stop you from playing the free game but it is very limited .
DeviousMud was mainly in 2D graphics and was scrapped to create RuneScape .
RuneScape consists of both 2D isometric graphics and 3D graphics .
However DeviousMud was never released to the public and only a few knew about it .
Jagex was soon formed .
Andrew Gower is the head of development now .
Runescape 2 was created .
The success of the game has changed the views on MMORPGs around the world .
Runescape offers many more features to paying players .
All of the players are controlled by real people .
A new player starts as level 3 in combat .
The armor in the game is used to cover up a player 's body and serves as protection from receiving damage from enemies .
PKing in Runescape has been removed .
Player killing in the Wilderness has been stopped .
Bounty Hunter is the new player killing area .
They usually freeze a player for a few seconds and can deal a lot of damage at higher levels .
Player killing in the Wilderness has been removed .
Bounty Hunter has essentially replaced the old Wilderness .
They generally freeze a player for a few seconds and can deal critical damage at higher levels .
RuneScape has a Player Killing aspect in the game .
Players at one time could attack and kill each other in a special area known as the Wilderness .
Player killing in the Wilderness has been stopped as of 10 December 2007 in order to prevent real world trading .
Players could attack and kill each other in a special area known as the Wilderness .
Player killing in the Wilderness has been stopped .
The United States Capitol is the building where the United States Congress meets .
The capitol was designed by William Thornton .
The north wing is where the Senate meets and the south wing is where is House of Representatives meets .
The capitol was originally designed by William Thornton .
The north wing is the Senate chamber and the south wing is the House of Representatives chamber .
Above these chambers are areas where people can watch the Senate and House of Representatives .
The first capital city of the United States was New York City .
The first capital of the United States was in New York City .
They can be made of plastic or glass .
They can be made of both plastic and glass .
He was a poet in the court of Mahmud Ghaznavi .
He was poet in the court of Mahmud Ghaznavi .
Alicia was the first storm for which the National Hurricane Center began to predict landfall probabilities .
Alicia was the first storm for which the National Hurricane Center issued landfall probabilities .
There have been many theories to expain how the pyramids were built .
He has also made detailed computer models of the Great Pyramid .
Hai published his theory on 27 August 2006 as part of an Australian university assignment .
Herodotus of Halicarnassus asked the ancient Egyptians themselves how the Giza Pyramids had been built .
This is a rampless theory and fully explains the operation of the wooden machines described by Herodotus .
There have been many theories about how the pyramids were built .
These include external ramp and crane theories and alien theories .
There is one theory that is being prepared to be put into motion .
This is the internal ramp theory .
He has also created detailed computer models of the Great Pyramid .
Hai 's theory or haitheory is a rampless theory and fully explains the operation of the wooden machines which Herodotus of Halicarnassus was informed about when he asked the ancient Egyptians themselves how the Giza Pyramids had been constructed .
She also helped to make the lives of people with AIDS better .
She also helped to improve the lives of people with AIDS .
Its theme is the Goth subculture .
It is currently up to 126 chapters .
There is also a novel series called Reverse that tells the story of the characters .
It is an ongoing series and is currently up to 126 chapters .
There is also a novel series called Reverse that tells the characters ' backgrounds .
It is an ongoing series and is currently up to 126 chapters .
There is also a novel series called Reverse that tells the characters ' backgrounds .
Its theme is the Goth subculture .
It is currently up to 126 chapters .
There is also a novel series called Reverse that tells the story of the characters .
It is said that there are exactly 109 units of Innocence scattered around the world .
More villains also appear along the way .
Several characters are named after silver jewelry brands .
The names of Road Kamelot and Tyki Mikk are taken from the Lord Camelot and Tiki Mic designs .
It is said that there are exactly 109 units of Innocence scattered around the world .
More villains also appear along the way .
Several characters are named after silver jewelry brands .
The names of Road Kamelot and Tyki Mikk are taken from the Lord Camelot and Tiki Mic designs .
The band started with the members Meg and Sassy working in a Metallica cover band .
The two founding members played in this band for two years before they decided that they wanted to go further with their talents than just cover songs .
Meg sat in on a school performance one day and one voice stood out to him .
It was not until a small Japanese label signed the band that they found their first big break .
The band was now playing areas further from their local Okinawa until they landed a spot at the yearly music festival of Okinawa .
A scout for a subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment Japan was in the crowd and offered the band the chance to produce music for an upcoming various artists album entitled Okinawa 2003 .
The album sat at number one spot of the indie Oricon charts for an entire month .
A Sunrise music partner was looking for a song to use for Mobile Suit Gundam Seed Destiny and Pride was chosen to be that song .
This was the first and currently only single to break the top five mark on the Oricon charts since their debut with Pride .
They also played their first American concert at an anime convention on April 28 .
The band then went on a large scale Japanese tour .
They played 65 venues over the course of the next five months .
The song was used as the opening song for the video game Sengoku Basara II .
The single entered the charts 12 spots higher than Dive into Yourself at number 12 .
The album contained 15 tracks with ten being new releases .
The album was ranked number ten on the Oricon daily rankings during its first day and 16th on the weekly charts .
The band also made their second American performance on May 11 and May 12 during 2007 's Anime Central anime convention .
The band performed 12 songs and were opened by the Spiral Spiders .
She has since confirmed that it is her real name .
See High and Mighty Color discography .
It is usual on Wikipedia to archive old discussions on a when it becomes too large .
Very long talk pages are difficult to navigate and usually contain very old discussion .
It is best to avoid archiving in the middle of an active discussion so that the full context of the discussion is together .
Only discussion pages are archived .
Articles are not archived because their previous version may be seen in the history tab .
There are two main methods for archiving a talk page .
Both of them are described below .
Archiving of one 's own user talk page is not obligated .
It is customary on Wikipedia to periodically archive old discussions on a when it becomes too large .
Bulky talk pages are difficult to navigate and usually contain obsolete discussion .
Regular articles are not archived because their previous version may be seen in the history tab .
Click on change this page for the talk page you wish to archive .
Click on edit this page for the talk page you wish to archive .
This is because it takes a lot of time to find the new discussions on long pages .
Only talk pages are archived .
Articles are not .
There are two ways to archive a talk page .
Both of them are talked about below .
You do not have to archive your user talk page when it gets long .
If you want to you can just erase all the words .
But it is not a good idea to do that because then it is hard for other people to see what people have said to you .
It is usual on Wikipedia to archive old discussions on a when it becomes too large .
Very long talk pages are difficult to navigate and usually contain very old discussion .
It is best to avoid archiving in the middle of an active discussion so that the full context of the discussion is together .
Only discussion pages are archived .
Articles are not archived because their previous version may be seen in the history tab .
There are two main methods for archiving a talk page .
Both of them are described below .
It is also helpful to label your archives with dates and briefly summarize their main discussions .
You may wish to consider discussions when you archive them .
Archiving of one 's own user talk page is not obligated .
This is because it takes a lot of time to find new discussions on long talk pages .
Both ways are talked about below .
Users do not have to archive their user talk page when it gets long .
Other option is to erase all the messages on the talk page .
This is because it takes a lot of time to find the new discussions on long pages .
Both of them are talked about below .
You do not have to archive your user talk page when it gets long .
If you want to you can just erase all the words .
But it is not a good idea to do that because then it is hard for other people to see what people have said to you .
You have now made an archive .
You have now created an archive .
The links used throughout the discussions stay indexed within Wikipedia .
The links used throughout the discussions remain indexed within Wikipedia .
Subpage archives can also be made by the talk page to a subpage .
The template is available to save some typing and to give the message a familiar appearance .
Copy discussions that are still active back to the first talk page .
Subpage archives can also be created by the talk page to a subpage .
The template is available to save some typing and to give the message a consistent appearance .
Copy discussions that are still active back to the original talk page .
Go to the talk page you wish to archive and click on permanent link in the toolbox section of the left sidebar or go to the page history of the talk page and select the revision you want to use .
It is simpler and does n't need as many resources .
Archives can not be easily recombined as with the subpage method .
Go to the talk page you wish to archive and click on permanent link in the toolbox section of the left sidebar .
It is simpler and requires fewer resources .
Archives can not be easily repartitioned and recombined as with the subpage method .
The Colorado River is a river in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico .
It drains a part of the arid regions on the western slope of the Rocky Mountains .
Personally a rather boruing and mundane story .
Dont read it .
Personally a rather boring and mundane story .
Personally a rather boruing and mundane story .
It helped to make English theater popular .
The play includes many puns and plays on words .
It played an important role in reviving the English theater .
A proxy server that passes information to its clients without changing it is usually called a gateway or sometimes tunneling proxy .
The proxy server then goes to the other server and requests what the client wants for them .
This security layer helps to make sure that no other computers can read or understand what the client is asking from the server .
A proxy server that passes all requests and replies unmodified is usually called a gateway or sometimes tunneling proxy .
A proxy server can be placed in the user 's local computer or at various points between the user and the destination servers or the Internet .
Caching is a term used in computer science .
This will make the average time needed to access the data shorter .
Caching is a term used in Computer science .
It is therefore !
It is therefore much cheaper to simply read the data from the cache .
But the entry must be written to the backing store at some point in time .
It is therefore much cheaper to simply read the data from the cache .
It is therefore !
It is therefore much cheaper to simply read the data from the cache .
Eye opening in response to pain .
Eye opening to speech .
Incomprehensible sounds .
Inappropriate words .
Localizing to pain .
Localizes to pain .
Octodecillion is a number .
Yo yo yo ya simple simplions .
The band started in 1989 .
Odyssey Number Five was their fourth album and was released in 2000 .
The band 's name came from the song Powderfinger by Neil Young .
Haug met Bernard Fanning at university and Fanning decided to join the band .
This was followed by Transfusion in 1993 .
Powderfinger signed a contract with record label Polydor after releasing Transfusion .
The band then released Double Allergic in 1996 .
Jonathan Lewis from Allmusic said Double Allergic Powderfinger as one of the most exciting Australian rock acts of the late 1990s .
Make Mine A Double .
Internationalist sounded different to the band 's first two albums .
This was because the band experimented with new ways of playing their music and writing songs .
It also got to number one on the ARIA Albums Chart .
Odyssey Number Five was Powderfinger 's shortest album yet .
It also had numerous songs about love .
Powderfinger toured around North America with Coldplay to help promote Odyssey Number Five .
It was named after a street in Brisbane where the band would .
Vulture Street won four ARIA Awards including Album of the Year in 2003 .
The Predators made an EP called Pick Up the Pace .
The wives of Middleton and Haug both had children during the break .
Powderfinger returned from their break and began work on their sixth album in 2006 .
The album 's name came from a book called Brookly Follies that Fanning was reading when the band recorded .
Powderfinger have done a lot of work for charities and causes .
Silverchair and Missy Higgins also performed .
Hadith is also a plural word for a group of these stories .
Muslim scholars collected all of these Hadith in books and compared them to each other .
The word hadith means any report or collection of something the Prophet Muhammed either said or did .
This makes the borough 23rd most populated district in England .
This makes the borough 23rd most populous district in England .
Hereditary monarchies most usually arrange the succession by a law that creates an order of succession .
Cognatic succession means both men and women can succeed .
Women usually are only allowed succeed if there is no male in the family .
It is the most common sort of monarchy and is the form that is used by almost all of the world 's existing monarchies .
The hereditary system has the advantages of being stable and can command loyalty .
Hereditary monarchies most usually arrange succession by a law that creates an order of succession .
This way it is known beforehand who will be the next monarch .
Agnatic succession means women and their descendants are not allowed to succeed .
Agnates are relatives that have a common ancestor by descent in unbroken male line .
Cognatic succession means both mean and women can succeed .
Women usually were only allowed succeed if there was no man in the same family .
This means the line of succession is based on age not sex .
Reproduce is to create or recreate something .
Reproduction is the way new living thins are produced .
The division of a bacterial cell into two daughter cells is an example of asexual reproduction .
Most plants can reproduce asexually .
Normal human reproduction is a common example of sexual reproduction .
Each of two parent organisms contributes half of the offspring 's genetic makeup by creating haploid gametes .
Most organisms form two different types of gametes .
Allogamy is a term used in the field of biological reproduction describing the fertilization of an ovum from one individual with the spermatozoa of another .
They are bound and all the cells merge to form one new gamete .
Mitosis and meiosis are an integral part of cell division .
The resultant number of cells in mitosis is twice the number of original cells .
The number of chromosomes in the daughter cells is the same as that of the parent cell .
The resultant number of cells is four times the number of original cells .
This results in cells with half the number of chromosomes present in the parent cell .
Recombination and the Evolution of Diploidy .
This is the same with the regions of Belgium .
Their status changed once they came under the influence of a ruler .
This single ruler then centralised their administration .
They then became provinces of a larger state .
In total there are 17 provinces today .
From this came their name Generality Lands .
Each of these Netherlands had a high degree of autonomy .
They kept to their own affairs elsewhere .
This new unified state featured the provinces in their modern form .
Each country now has a province called Limburg .
Deal or No Deal is a game show in more than 40 countries on the world created by John de Mol .
Deal or No Deal is A game show in more than 40 countries on the world created by John de Mol .
The festival was a cultural .
It was a cultural .
The Khilji Dynasty under Alauddin Khilji beats Chittorgarh in northern India .
Avoirdupois system of weights and measures comes to England and Wales .
The Khilji Dynasty under Alauddin Khilji conquers Chittorgarh in northern India after taking the massive Chittorgarh Fort .
Avoirdupois system of weights and measures introduced to England and Wales .
Bolingbroke Castle gets into the House of Lancaster .
Bolingbroke Castle passes to the House of Lancaster .
Pope John XXII declares the doctrines of the Franciscans advocating ecclesiastical poverty erroneous .
Magnus VII becomes the king of Norway and unites the country with Sweden .
Magnus VII ascends the throne of Norway and unites the country with Sweden .
The spreading of oil through water is called emulsification .
Often people use soaps and detergents to help the emulsification of oils and dirt particles so they can be washed away .
The Wash looks on the map like a large bite out of the coastline of eastern England .
It separates the curved coast of East Anglia from Lincolnshire .
The coast on the opposite side goes from Gibraltar Point to the mouth of the River Welland and is all in Lincolnshire .
There are about 350 different species of thyme .
They can grow to about 40 cm tall .
A few species have different chemotypes .
The leaves are evergreen in most species .
Ancient Egyptians used thyme for embalming .
The ancient Greeks used it in their baths and burnt it as incense in their temples .
They believed that thyme was a source of courage .
This was done to help sleep and ward off nightmares .
People believed it would bring courage to the bearer .
Thyme is widely grown as a herb .
It is planted in the spring and later grows as a perennial .
Thyme keeps its flavor on drying better than many other herbs .
Thyme is widely used for cooking .
A number of species have different chemotypes .
Ancient Egyptians used thyme in embalming .
It is planted in the spring and thereafter grows as a perennial .
Thyme retains its flavor on drying better than many other herbs .
Thyme is used most widely in cooking .
It will show the number of times each value appears .
This simple table has two drawbacks .
A slightly different scheme based on the range of values is used in such cases .
Statistical hypothesis testing is based on the assessment of differences and similarities between frequency distributions .
This simple tabulation has two drawbacks .
A slightly different tabulation scheme based on the range of values is used in such cases .
Statistical hypothesis testing is founded on the assessment of differences and similarities between frequency distributions .
Cumulative frequency .
The orginal character name was Dawn Baxter .
Any rational number can be expressed as a unique decimal expansion ending with recurring decimals .
Any rational number which can not be expressed as a decimal fraction has a unique infinite decimal expansion ending with recurring decimals .
It is sometimes called the base ten or denary numeral system .
The word decimal is also sometimes used to point out certain positions of the numbers in this system .
Almost everyone uses this nowadays and prefers the convenience of it probably because it shows up most often in calculations in nature and has one as another starting point for the system .
The number one is usually the easiest to work with in calculations .
The word decimal is also used instead of the word period to point out the dot that is sometimes used separates the positions of the numbers in this system .
Almost everyone uses this nowadays and prefers the convenience of it probably because it shows up most often in in nature and has one as another starting point for the system .
The word decimal is also sometimes used to point out certain positions of the numbers in this system .
Almost everyone uses this nowadays and prefers the convenience of it probably because it shows up most often in calculations in nature and has one as another starting point for the system .
It also lets users see and change what is on their iPod or iPhone .
The program is also an interface to manage the contents on Apple 's popular iPod digital media players as well as the recently introduced iPhone .
The music in a .
There are several flavors of AAC .
Intelligent Design is the idea that the universe is not simple enough to be made by nature .
Face of Gohar Shahi appeared on Kaaba .
He also heavily influenced the founding of .
He was the first ever Spiritual Leader from a Muslim backgroud who was invited by people of all faith in their places of worships .
He was the first ever Spiritual Leader of a Muslim background who was invited by people of all faith in their places of worships .
A petrol bomb was thrown at his Manchester residence .
A large sum of money was put on his head in Pakistan .
Gohar Shahi 's teachings have been condemned by the Pakistani government and radical clerics there .
Some of his devotees perform pilgrimage to his mausoleum .
The majority of his followers believe that Gohar Shahi will return with Jesus before the doomsday .
He was the first ever Muslim Spiritual Leader who was invited by people of all faith in their places of worships .
He was the first ever Muslim Spiritual Leader who was invited by people of all faith in their places of worships .
A petrol bomb was thrown in his Manchester 's residence .
A high price tag was put on his head in Pakistan .
He was the subject of entrapment through five serious allegations .
Gohar Shahi 's teachings have been condemned by Muslim religious leaders and the Pakistani government .
Pneumonia was the reason of his death .
His devotees perform pilgrimage to his mausoleum .
He was the first ever Muslim Spiritual Leader who was invited by people of all faith in their places of worships .
He was the first ever Muslim Spiritual Leader who was invited by people of all faith in their places of worships .
A petrol bomb was thrown in his Manchester 's residence .
A high price tag was put on his head in Pakistan .
He was the subject of entrapment through five serious allegations .
Gohar Shahi 's teachings have been condemned by Muslim religious leaders and the Pakistani government .
Pneumonia was the reason of his death .
His devotees perform pilgrimage to his mausoleum .
Face of Gohar Shahi appeared on Kaaba .
He also heavily influenced the founding of .
He was the first ever Spiritual Leader from a Muslim backgroud who was invited by people of all faith in their places of worships .
He was the first ever Spiritual Leader of a Muslim background who was invited by people of all faith in their places of worships .
A petrol bomb was thrown at his Manchester residence .
A large sum of money was put on his head in Pakistan .
Gohar Shahi 's teachings have been condemned by the Pakistani government and radical clerics there .
Some of his devotees perform pilgrimage to his mausoleum .
The majority of his followers believe that Gohar Shahi will return with Jesus before the doomsday .
Though orthodox theological scholars condemned the teachings of Gohar Shahi and criticized him heavily .
But Sufis including and and respect Gohar Shahi for his services and teachings .
Though orthodox theological scholars condemned the teachings of Gohar Shahi and criticized him heavily not just in Pakistan but throughout the world but on the other side number of internationally renowned Sufis including and and .
Gohar Shahi is used with his name because of his ancestor Baba Gohar Ali Shah who was a renowned Sufi and spiritualist .
Gohar Shahi is the fifth generation of Baba Gohar Ali Shah .
He soon found that his heart remained unfulfilled .
In a very short span of time the message of Gohar Shahi became fairly popular in Pakistan and internationally .
He was the first ever Muslim Spiritual Leader who was invited by people of all faith in their places of worships .
He also authored a number of books on spiritualism .
He returned to the world on the Commandment of God .
He turned the hearts of several hundred thousand people towards the Remembrance and the Love of God .
He was the first ever Muslim Spiritual Leader who was invited by people of all faith in their places of worships .
Though orthodox theological scholars condemned the teachings of Gohar Shahi and criticized him heavily not just in Pakistan but throughout the world but on the other side number of internationally renowned Sufis including and and .
Shaykh Muhammad Hisham Kabbani always used to sit beneath the feet of Gohar Shahi to give him respect and show fervor for him .
Many attempts were made to his life .
A petrol bomb was thrown in his Manchester 's residence .
He was the subject of entrapment through five serious allegations .
Gohar Shahi 's teachings have been condemned by Muslim religious leaders and the Pakistani government .
Pneumonia was the reason of his death .
His devotees perform pilgrimage to his mausoleum .
He is the fifth generation of the Sufi and Baba Gohar Ali Shah .
Flash player version to read online .
The teachings of Gohar Shahi have been a source of controversy .
Some orthodox theological scholars condemn his teachings as blasphemy .
Opposition towards Gohar Shahi and his followers came from claims made by Shahi and his followers that were strongly opposed by orthodox theologians in Pakistan and abroad .
Shahi was accused of claiming the status of prophet but Shahi denied such accusations .
Gohar Shahi claimed to have met with Jesus in America .
The alleged images induced greater legal and religious opposition .
In a very short time the message of Gohar Shahi became fairly popular in Pakistan and internationally .
He claimed to have returned to the world on the Commandment of God .
Shaykh Muhammad Hisham Kabbani always used to sit beneath the feet of Gohar Shahi to show respect for him .
In a very short span of time the message of Gohar Shahi became fairly popular in Pakistan and internationally .
He returned to the world on the Commandment of God .
He was the first ever Muslim Spiritual Leader who was invited by people of all faith in their places of worships .
Shaykh Muhammad Hisham Kabbani always used to sit beneath the feet of Gohar Shahi to give him respect and show fervor for him .
Ahmed is another name for Muhammad and Gohar Shahi means Royal Gem .
Gohar Shahi is used with his name because of his ancestor Baba Gohar Ali Shah who was a renowned Sufi and spiritualist .
He started to search for spiritualism among the saints and Dervishes of the time .
Eventually after becoming disappointed in not receiving Spiritual Benevolence he returned to his work .
Shaykh Muhammad Hisham Kabbani always used to sit beneath the feet of Gohar Shahi .
Gohar Shahi faced very strong opposition from different religious leaders and orthodox theological scholars .
A petrol bomb was thrown at his Manchester 's residence .
Gohar Shahi is used with his name because of his ancestor Baba Gohar Ali Shah who was a renowned Sufi and spiritualist .
He was the first ever Muslim Spiritual Leader who was invited by people of all faith in their places of worships .
Shaykh Muhammad Hisham Kabbani always used to sit beneath the feet of Gohar Shahi to show respect for him .
Many attempts were made to his life .
A petrol bomb was thrown in his Manchester 's residence .
Gohar Shahi is used with his name because of his ancestor Baba Gohar Ali Shah who was a renowned Sufi and spiritualist .
He was the first ever Muslim Spiritual Leader who was invited by people of all faith in their places of worships .
Shaykh Muhammad Hisham Kabbani always used to sit beneath the feet of Gohar Shahi to show respect for him .
Many attempts were made to his life .
A petrol bomb was thrown in his Manchester 's residence .
Ahmed is another name for Muhammad and Gohar Shahi means Royal Gem .
Gohar Shahi is used with his name because of his ancestor Baba Gohar Ali Shah who was a renowned Sufi and spiritualist .
He started to search for spiritualism among the saints and Dervishes of the time .
Eventually after becoming disappointed in not receiving Spiritual Benevolence he returned to his work .
Shaykh Muhammad Hisham Kabbani always used to sit beneath the feet of Gohar Shahi .
Gohar Shahi faced very strong opposition from different religious leaders and orthodox theological scholars .
A petrol bomb was thrown at his Manchester 's residence .
Ahmed is another name for Muhammad and Gohar Shahi means Royal Gem .
Gohar Shahi is used with his name because of his ancestor Baba Gohar Ali Shah who was a renowned Sufi and spiritualist .
He started to search for spiritualism among the saints and Dervishes of the time .
Eventually after becoming disappointed in not receiving Spiritual Benevolence he returned to his work .
Shaykh Muhammad Hisham Kabbani always used to sit beneath the feet of Gohar Shahi .
Gohar Shahi faced very strong opposition from different religious leaders and orthodox theological scholars .
A petrol bomb was thrown at his Manchester 's residence .
Gohar Shahi is used with his name because of his ancestor Baba Gohar Ali Shah who was a renowned Sufi and spiritualist .
He was the first ever Muslim Spiritual Leader who was invited by people of all faith in their places of worships .
Shaykh Muhammad Hisham Kabbani always used to sit beneath the feet of Gohar Shahi to show respect for him .
Many attempts were made to his life .
A petrol bomb was thrown in his Manchester 's residence .
It was made in 1980 by Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi .
It was formed in 1980 by Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi .
Greek name Selene .
Two teams of roller derby players skate around an oval track .
Two teams of roller derby players skate in circles around an oval track .
Judea was the territory of the ancient Kingdom of Judah .
The kingdom of Judea now became part of a larger Roman province of Ivdaea .
Judea was the stage of three major rebellions against the Romans .
Others prefer to use the collective name West Bank rather than Judea and Samaria .
Queen Alexandra had recently died and her sons were scourging the country with a civil war for power .
The general disliked Aristobulus behavior and put prince and high priest Hyrcanus in charge of the kingdom .
During his reign the great port of Caesarea Maritima was built .
Judea was returned piecemeal to Agrippa 's son Marcus Julius Agrippa in 48 .
Judea was also the stage of three major rebellions against the Romans .
Examples include melting of the ice caps at the South Pole and North Pole .
The city of Allentown was first home to people in 1735 .
The name of the town became Allentown on April 16 1833 because it was liked by people .
Allentown was made a city on March 12 1867 .
The Liberty Bell was kept away from the British during the American Revolutionary War in Allentown .
When the Lehigh Canal was made the economy got bigger .
The town changed with industrialization and became one of the United States ' biggest areas for big industry and manufacturing .
Precipitation is almost spread throughout the year at the same rate .
The city of Allentown was first settled in 1735 .
The town was officially renamed Allentown on April 16 1833 because the name was so popular .
Allentown was formally made a city on March 12 1867 .
The Liberty Bell was successfully hidden from the British during the American Revolutionary War in Allentown .
When the Lehigh Canal was created the economy soon grew .
The town changed with industrialization and became one of the United States ' largest areas for heavy industry and manufacturing .
Precipitation is almost uniformly distributed throughout the year .
The show is 51 episodes long .
The show is 52 episode 's long .
The information that we have today comes from the writing of people who were against Arianism and said the beliefs were wrong .
Only God the Father is truly God .
God did not create the world by himself .
This is God 's communication with the world .
God 's communication with the world is known as God the Son or the Christ .
God the Son existed before he was made man .
He is the perfect image of God the Father .
In the 16th century there was again a movement against the belief in Trinity .
Only god father is god .
God can not create the world by himself .
God the son existed before he was made man .
He is a being that is between god and the world .
He is the perfect image of god father .
In the 16th century there was again a movement against the belief in trinity .
These movements developed into what is called Unitarianism today .
The led to a movement called Unitarianism .
HTTP cookies are files of text sent by a server to a web browser .
HTTP cookies are parcels of text sent by a server to a web browser .
He also makes new friends and experiences many difficulties .
He also makes new friends and experience many difficulties .
He became very famous worldwide by playing the young adult Anakin Skywalker in the Star Wars films .
He became very famous in all the world by playing the young adult Anakin Skywalker in the Star Wars films .
The 2007 Atlantic hurricane season is the cycle of tropical cyclones that happen in the year 2007 .
Most of the tropical cyclones that form in the Atlantic Ocean during the year form between these two dates .
This was the second time in five years that a storm formed before the official season start date .
Tropical Storm Ana in the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season also formed before June 1 .
The 2007 Atlantic hurricane season is a current happening event in the yearly cycle of tropical cyclone formation .
The treaty formally ended the Second World War .
The Allies give up the powers and duties they had had in the two Germanys and in Berlin since the Nazi Surrender in 1945 stopped the fighting in World War II .
The treaty formally ends the Second World War .
The Allies give up the powers and duties they have had in the two Germanys and Berlin since the Nazi Surrender in 1945 stopped the fighting in World War II .
The phloem is mainly for the transport of glucose and starch made during photosynthesis .
Greenfly and other insects pierce the plants skin and suck the sugar out of the phloem tubes .
The phloem is mainly concerned with the transport of glucose and starch made during photosynthesis .
The sugar is made by photosynthesis .
The phloem also carries information .
The very high pressure in the phloem tubes forces the phloem sap into the insect .
The phloem is mainly for the transport of glucose and starch made during photosynthesis .
Greenfly and other insects pierce the plants skin and suck the sugar out of the phloem tubes .
A movie producer creates the conditions for making movies .
A film producer creates the conditions for making movies .
A film producer gives all the money while the director just makes the fims and includes who will be in it .
Terry plays as a defender and is the captain of Chelsea in the English Premier League and the former captain of England .
Terry plays as a defender and is the captain of Chelsea in the English Premier League and the former captain of the England .
Meristematic cells have the same function for plants as stem cells have for animals .
Meristematic cells have the same function for plants as stem cells have them for animals .
Masses of people grew larger by conecting with groups who shared ideals of peace and goals of using human intelligence and resources toward humanitarian progress .
The celebration has no religious or political connections .
World Party Day began as by people around the world coordinating via the internet in 1996 to join together at the same moment to sing in unity .
It was one of the first global efforts in a growing number of movements of synchronized human celebration to bring about improved social conditions .
Masses of people coordinating via the internet formed and connected with groups whose interests advocated similar ideals of peace and the application of human intelligence and resources toward humanitarian progress and positive endeavors .
This phenomenon now being charted observably involves an evolving awareness of human capability and individual responsibility to direct the future .
Research has begun documenting and chronicling the emergence and meaning of social transformation .
Declaration of World Party day Role playing and Second Life celebrations also occur in virtual reality .
Observance of World Party Day is celebrated with music and enjoyment of being alive .
The event recognizes fun and joy as fundamental human rights .
Then a counter coup had challenged the unity of Nigeria .
At least eight of his stories have been adapted to film .
At least eight of his stories have been adapted for film .
The Hadish palace in Persepolis was started by Xerxes and finished by his son Artaxerxes .
The Hadish palace in Persepolis was started by Xerxes and completed by his son Artaxerxes .
He won an Academy Award in 1998 .
It is best known for the art and writings of the group members .
It is best known for the visual images and writings of the group members .
Haemophilia is a blood condition that means bleeding does not stop .
A person with a small cut could bleed to death .
It is passed from parent to child through genes .
It can be caused by the deficiency of vitamin k in the body .
Haemophilia is a blood condition that is uncontrolled bleeding .
It is transmitted through genes .
Most importantly it is the H gene that is missing .
Many Japanese people take part in this .
The term bloom mostly means one or more flowers on a flowering plant .
The term bloom usually refers to one or more flowers on a flowering plant .
A free translation of all but one chapter was produced by Arthur Waley .
He ruled from 1716 until he resigned in 1745 .
He was the eighth shogun of the Tokugawa shogunate .
He rose to become a daimyo .
Then he unified Japan .
The period of his rule is usually called the Momoyama period .
Azuchi was the name of Hideyoshi 's castle .
Toyotomi Hideyoshi made many reforms in laws and culture .
The Wind Coalition .
The Colbert Report is a television talk show starring Stephen Colbert .
Geishas are very respected and it is hard to become one .
Geishas are very respected and it 's hard to become one .
He lived between the Persian and Peloponnesian wars .
Pericles a big influence on Athenian society .
Pericles promoted the arts and literature .
This was a chief reason Athens holds the reputation of being the educational and cultural center of the ancient Greek world .
Pericles had a big influence on Athenian society .
Pericles a big influence on Athenian society .
The planet Neptune has a dim planetary ring system which is made up of several separate rings and some ring arcs .
The rings arcs are part of the outer ring called the Adams ring and are not to be seen anywhere else .
The rings around Neptune could not be seen from Earth with strong telescopes .
The evidence that they were there was first seen when scientists were watching the planet as it passed between the Earth and a star .
In 1989 the unmanned spacecraft Voyager 2 flew by Neptune .
Voyager 2 sent back pictures that gave most of the information that scientists now have about the rings of Neptune .
The pictures also help scientists to know why the rings looked incomplete .
From earth the rings are always seen with the light of the sun shining towards them .
The rings around Neptune were first seen stellar occultation observations .
For the outer planets only spacecraft can get the backlit view required for such an analysis .
They are visible slightly above noise levels in methane absorbing wavelengths at which the glare from Neptune is significantly reduced .
The fainter rings are still far below the visibility threshold .
Neptune has thirteen known moons .
Four of them orbit the planet inside the outermost rings .
It was originally named as 1989 N1R .
The reason that the Adams ring is famous is that it has a feature that has not been seen on any other planetary rings .
These are three long narrow arcs which are much brighter and look more solid than the rest of the ring system .
It has been a puzzle to understand why the stuff in these arcs does n't spread out evenly through the whole ring .
These names were suggested by the scientists who discovered them during stellar occultations in 1984 and 1985 .
The one that is nearest to the Adam 's ring is called Galatea .
It is a lumpy mass of rock that orbits around the planet at about the same speed as the planet is rotating .
It is about 1000 kilometers inside the ring .
Many scientists now think that it is the effect of the moon Galatea that is causing the three arcs in the Adam 's ring .
Scientists are able to use this information to work out the mass of the moon Galatea .
It was originally named as 1989 N1R .
The Adams ring has 42 radial wiggles with an amplitude of about 30 km .
These are caused by the gravitational effects of the moon Galatea that orbits just 1000 km inside the ring .
Their amplitude has been used to estimate Galatea 's mass.
All of Neptune 's rings have a lot of microscopic dust but particularly the arcs of the Adam 's ring .
Scientists know this because they looked very bright in the photos that Voyager 2 took with the sun shining behind them .
There is much more dust in the rings of Neptune than there is in the rings of Saturn .
The Adams ring is very red .
The background particles that make up the ring look twice as bright near the three arcs as they do on the side of the ring that is opposite the arcs .
Eccentricity or extravagance is a word used to describe very unusual behavior in a person .
People who have habits which their society thinks is very strange indeed may be called eccentric .
It is not always clear whether behavior is just eccentric or whether it is madness .
This behavior would typically be perceived as unusual or unnecessary .
A is a Shinto shrine and the natural area that is around it .
A is a Shinto shrine and its surrounding natural area .
A Shinto shrine is a place where people worship in the Shinto religion .
The Japanese word for a Shinto shrine is .
A is a Shinto shrine and the natural area that is around it .
The Clangers is an iconic children 's television series originating from a children 's book .
The Clangers is a children 's television series .
No new events have been added to the men 's athletics program since 1952 when the short racewalk was added .
The current list has 24 events .
Team racing events were only run in the six early editions of the Games .
No new events have been added to the men 's athletics program since the 1952 addition of the short racewalk .
Team racing events have been eliminated after appearing in six early editions of the Games .
The original meaning of Itiihaasa had a more precise connotation than the word History .
The original meaning of Itiihaasa had a more precise meaning than the word History .
Nansook Hong lived with the Moon family for 14 years .
He describes the Unification Church as a cash operation .
When one eats at the hearth of Yomi it is impossible to return to the land of the living .
Once one has eaten at the hearth of Yomi it is impossible to return to the land of the living .
She has millions of fans around the world .
She is very famous for singing the song Hollaback Girl .
His early life is a mystery .
The boy was taken to an army captain whose name was Wessenig .
The captain asked him lots of other questions but the boy only cried and said Do n't know .
He said that he had spent his life locked up in a small room with only a bed to sleep in and a wooden horse to play with .
When he woke up from such a sleep he found that his hair and fingernails had been cut .
Later he was visited by a man who never showed his face .
Kaspar walked down the streets of Nuremburg and then fainted .
Some people thought he was related to the Grand Duke of Baden .
Kaspar learned quickly .
The boy was taken to a captain called Wessenig .
The captain asked him lots of other questions but he only cried and said Do n't know .
He would only eat water and bread .
Gradually he was taught to speak and slowly he managed to tell people about his life .
It seems that he had spent his life locked up in a small room with only a bed to sleep in and a wooden horse to play with .
When he woke up from such a sleep he found that his hair and nails had been cut .
The man taught him to speak a bit .
Eventually the man let him go .
He walked down the street and then fainted .
Some people thought he may have been related to the Grand Duke of Baden .
The boy learned quite quickly .
He studied the New Testament in depth .
His works have many studies about the New Testament .
See the pages of the Wikimedia Foundation too .
The eastern half is centered in Constantinople .
The western half is centered in the city of Rome .
It can be found in the ground or it can be made in large crystal .
The ancient Persians believed that the earth sat on a big sapphire and that the big sapphire made the sky blue .
Sapphires represent September .
It symbolizes telling the truth and doing what you said you would .
It can be found naturally or it can be made in large crystal .
The ancient Persians believed that the earth lied on a giant sapphire and its reflection colored the sky .
Many other cultures believe that sapphires could be used to heal and calm people .
Sapphire is the birthstone of September .
It symbolizes sincerity and faithfulness .
Paramore is a pop punk band .
Paramore released their first album All We Know Is Falling in 2005 .
They released an EP called The Summer Tic in 2006 .
Their third release was Riot !
The most important idea of the Enlightenment was the belief in peoples ' reason .
The most important aspect of the Enlightenment was the belief in peoples ' reason .
The most important idea of the Enlightenment was the belief in people 's reason .
The most important idea of the Enlightenment was the belief in peoples ' reason .
World Peace One is an musical event that will take place in 12 cities across the world .
Kim was the only one who earned nines in marks .
Kim was the only one who earned nines in program components marks .
Ice dancing is a form of figure skating that is related to ballroom dancing .
Ice dancing is different from pair skating because it does not allow the man to lift the woman above his head .
Ice dancing is a form of figure skating which draws from the world of ballroom dancing .
Ice dance differs from pair skating by not allowing the man to lift the woman above his head .
Californication may refer to several different things .
Until 1903 the Bayreuth Festspielhaus was the only place where Wagner 's opera Parsifal was allowed to be performed .
This changed after the death of Wagner 's widow Cosima .
In 1903 the opera was performed at the Metropolitan Opera in New York .
Soon it was being performed in other places as well .
At Bayreuth it has become tradition that there is no applause after the first act of the opera .
They said there were many forms of begging including ones in which good money can be earned .
Aggressive panhandling means to ask for donations or help in a threatening manner .
There have been reports of beggars who will try to have their limbs amputated in the hope that that they can get more out of sympathy .
Aggressive panhandling means to ask for donations or help in an intimidating manner .
There have been reports of beggars who will attempt to have their limbs amputated in the hope that that they can solicit more out of sympathy .
The magpie is a large bird .
This is because there are no other magpies in Europe except for in Spain and Portugal .
However there are different species of magpie .
Some are black and white and are in the Genus Pica .
There are also two other species of bird that are named Magpie .
There is also the Australian Magpie .
It is not a member of the crow family .
It is in the Artamidae family .
Magpies are large birds .
They often have long tails .
They can fly well .
They also walk or hop along the ground .
Magpies eat lots of different kinds of food .
They will also eat seeds and other parts of plants .
Magpies are clever birds .
They can pass the mirror test .
This is when the bird can see itself in a mirror and understand that it is a reflection .
The college also grants arms to citizens of other Commonwealth countries that do not have their own heraldic authorities .
The College of Arms is featured in the 1969 James Bond film On Her Majesty 's Secret Service where James Bond visits his friend and mentor Sir Hillary Bray who permits Bond to impersonate him so he can spy on Blofeld 's base and Bray tells him information on Blofeld 's ancestor Count Balthazzar de Bleuchamp .
Usually the Earl Marshal usually leaves affairs to the professional heralds of the College .
These salaries were set centuries ago and reflect the living costs of the day .
They were fixed at higher levels by James I but reduced by William IV in the 1830s .
The Kings of Arms grant coats of arms by letters patent .
There are no fixed criteria as to whether a modern application for a grant of arms should be allowed .
One of the heralds then works with the applicant to devise arms pleasing to him as well as heraldically correct .
The costs involved are quite substantial .
The College of Arms is also responsible for recording the changes of names .
Special marks called differencing marks cab be added make the arms different from the arms of their cousins .
On these occasions they are sometimes preceded by state trumpeters .
The college also grants arms to citizens of other Commonwealth countries that do not have their own heralds .
Special marks called difference marks can be added make the coat of arms different from the arms of their cousins .
Heralds were originally messengers .
The College of Arms was featured in the 1969 James Bond film On Her Majesty 's Secret Service where James Bond visits his friend Sir Hillary Bray who permits Bond to impersonate him so he can spy on Blofeld 's base .
Bray gives Bond information on Blofeld 's ancestor Count Balthazzar de Bleuchamp .
The officers of arms earn money from their own private practices in heraldry and genealogy .
They get only nominal salaries as officers of the College .
William IV reduced them to the old level in the 1830s .
All members of the college serve as officer in waiting on rotation .
Originally this meant someone who was wealthy or had social status .
This is why the Earl Marshal 's permission to grant a coat of arms is needed .
There are no fixed rules about granting modern coats of arms .
The college also grants arms to citizens of other Commonwealth countries that do not have their own heraldic authorities .
Special marks called differencing marks can be added make the arms different from the arms of their cousins .
On these occasions they are sometimes preceded by state trumpeters .
The College of Arms is featured in the 1969 James Bond film On Her Majesty 's Secret Service where James Bond visits his friend and mentor Sir Hillary Bray who permits Bond to impersonate him so he can spy on Blofeld 's base and Bray tells him information on Blofeld 's ancestor Count Balthazzar de Bleuchamp .
They were fixed at higher levels by James I but reduced by William IV in the 1830s .
There are no fixed criteria as to whether a modern application for a grant of arms should be allowed .
One of the heralds then works with the applicant to devise arms pleasing to him as well as heraldically correct .
It has been proven that a square with the same area as the area of a circle ca n't be constructed .
It has been proven that a square with an area equal to the area of a circle ca n't be constructed .
He visits women by night .
These demons were originally storm demons .
There are still American military bases there .
They are usually also speckled with white dots until the fifth year .
They are also speckled with white dots until usually the fifth year .
The pair probably parted into two at the North Pacific .
The pair parted into two from other Sea Eagles .
The two species probably parted at the North Pacific .
It reaches the speeds of when and .
The nest of the Bald Eagle is larger than any other nest in North America .
Both the male and female take turns incubating the eggs .
The other parent will hunt for food or look for more to add onto the nest .
The eggs are about long .
She was called the performer who had the greatest impact on culture and entertainment in 2008 by the Associated Press .
They gave her their AP Entertainer of the Year award .
She was promoted to the position of head writer in 1999 .
Fey was exposed to comedy early .
Fey attended Cardington Elementary School and Beverly Hills Middle School in Upper Darby .
She graduated in 1992 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in drama .
It was all about blind focus .
I would have been perfectly happy to stay at Second City forever .
She also performed at the ImprovOlympic theater .
Her first sketch to air starred Chris Farley in a Sally Jessy Raphael satire .
Michaels explained that there was chemistry between Fey and Fallon .
Her role in Weekend Update was well received by critics .
She writes the funniest jokes .
The pairing of Fey and Fallon ended in May 2004 when Fallon last appeared as a cast member .
He was replaced by Amy Poehler .
She began developing the pilot project under the working title Untitled Tina Fey Project .
The premiere episode set records for the highest ratings of the series .
The show itself won the 2007 Emmy for Outstanding Comedy Series .
Their repartee included Clinton needling Palin about her Tina Fey glasses .
The October 18 show had the best ratings of any SNL show since 1994 .
The following year Fey won an Emmy in the category of Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for her impersonation of Palin .
The production was well received by critics .
He concluded that the production is n't about two women being funny .
She has also done commercials for American Express credit card .
Fey and former SNL castmate Amy Poehler starred in the 2008 comedy Baby Mama .
The movie was written and directed by Michael McCullers .
Fey was ranked in the Hot 100 List at number 80 on Maxim magazine in 2002 .
She was selected by Barbara Walters as one of America 's 10 Most Fascinating People of 2008 .
Fey has a scar a few inches long on the left side of her chin and cheek .
And it kind of bums my parents out for me to talk about it .
She has said she was reluctant to discuss the incident in part because It 's impossible to talk about it without somehow seemingly exploiting it .
Entertainment Weekly .
IGN Interviews Tina Fey .
Leap of Fey .
People Magazine .
The Smartest Girl in The Class .
Entertainment Weekly .
A Conversation with Tina Fey .
Women 's Health Magazine .
March 2007 .
Philadelphia Magazine .
Entertainment Weekly .
Esquire Magazine .
Queen of the jokers .
The Guardian .
And funny with it .
The Guardian .
The New York Times .
USA Today .
Tina Fey Rocks .
Harper 's Bazaar .
November 2009 .
The Independent .
Witty woman .
The Sydney Morning Herald .
She is the star and writer of the NBC show 30 Rock .
Fey was named one of People magazine 's 50 Most Beautiful People in 2003 .
She was number one the next year .
Fey is married to Jeff Richmond .
Fey has a scar on left side of her chin and cheek .
Fey likes to use the right side of her face when acting .
Fey graduated from the University of Virginia in 1992 .
She then moved to Chicago to take classes at the improvisational comedy group The Second City .
She became a featured player there in 1994 .
The show is a situation comedy somewhat based on her experiences at SNL .
Fey attended Upper Darby High School .
She studied playwriting and acting there .
She took night classes at Second City .
She had a day job working at the front desk of a YMCA in Evanston to pay for her classes .
She had been asked to send them by SNLs head writer Adam McKay .
McKay was a former performer at Second City .
She was hired as a writer for SNL following a meeting with SNL creator Lorne Michaels .
Fey moved to New York .
Fey went on to write a series of parodies .
This included one of ABC 's morning talk show The View .
Fey played an extra in one of the episodes in 1998 .
By dieting she lost 30 pounds .
Michaels asked Fey to replace McKay .
She became SNLs first female head writer .
Key does not make a big deal about this accomplishment because there have not been very many head writers .
The reception to the teaming of Fey and Poehler was positive .
After it she left to make 30 Rock .
Michaels explained that there was chemistry between Fey and Fallon .
The pilot was written again to focus on an SNL style series .
It was accepted by NBC .
She signed a contract with NBC in May 2003 .
She was also nominated for an Emmy Award .
She won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Lead Actress .
Their act included Clinton making fun of Palin about her Tina Fey glasses .
Fey acted in the role again on the October 4 show .
She also acted as Palin on the October 18 show where she was joined by the real Sarah Palin .
The following year Fey won an Emmy in the category of Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for her acting as Palin .
Their repartee included Clinton needling Palin about her Tina Fey glasses .
The following year Fey won an Emmy in the category of Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for her impersonation of Palin .
The show was well received by critics .
He said that the show is n't about two women being funny .
The production was well received by critics .
He concluded that the production is n't about two women being funny .
Characters and behaviors in the movie are based on Fey 's high school life at Upper Darby High School .
The film received favorable reviews .
It is based loosely on the true story of a Hasidic rock musician .
Her next film role was in Shawn Levy 's comedy Date Night .
She was named one of People magazine 's 50 Most Beautiful People in 2003 .
She again was named one of the magazine 's Entertainers of the Year in 2007 .
She placed number two in 2008 .
The newspaper editors and broadcast producers of the Associated Press voted Fey the AP Entertainer of the Year as the performer who had the greatest impact on culture and entertainment in 2008 .
They cited her impression of Sarah Palin on SNL .
Fey is married to Jeff Richmond .
Richmond is a composer on 30 Rock .
They met at Chicago 's Second City .
She has said she was unsure about talking about it because It 's impossible to talk about it without somehow seemingly exploiting it .
Her charity work includes support of Autism Speaks .
It is a group that sponsors autism research .
They named her among their Mothers Who Make a Difference in 2009 .
She has said she was reluctant to discuss the incident in part because It 's impossible to talk about it without somehow seemingly exploiting it .
Mount has main meanings .
To mount something means to put it onto something else .
An artist mounts his paintings on cardboard .
An architect mounts his models on foamcore .
A camera is mounted on a tripod .
A gun is mounted on the deck of a ship .
A rider mounts a horse .
A gymnast mounts the balance beam for a display .
A male animal mounts a female animal to have sexual intercourse .
A mount is a thing for mounting something on .
A lens mount for a camera .
This is the part of the camera that is made specially so that lenses can be attached .
A mount for a stuffed animal .
A picture mount .
This is a piece of cardboard which a photograph or other picture is attached to .
It is part of the suburban train network .
It is one of the five stations on the City Loop .
The city loop goes around the central business district .
The lower platforms are 38 metres low .
Its escalators are the longest in the southern hemisphere .
Richmond is an inner suburb of Melbourne .
The station is built on a bridge over Punt Road .
All of Melbourne 's eastern and south eastern rail lines meet here .
It is very busy during sporting and other special events .
Tram route 70 goes past Richmond Station along Swan Street .
Punt Road is under the station with a major interchange with Swan Street and Brunton Avenue .
Richmond station has been moved and rebuilt four times .
It had six platforms .
By the 1940s the station had begun to fall apart .
It was so bad that the council said it should be pulled down .
A new station was n't built for another 20 years .
The bridges at each end of the station across Punt Road and Swan Street were also rebuilt to fit the ten tracks .
The old station was finally pulled down .
The condition of Richmond station was a problem again in 2005 .
Melbourne hosted the 2006 Commonwealth Games .
Richmond station was the gateway to many of the main venues .
The station 's appearance and poor access led the Victorian Government to think about building a new station .
They decided it would cost too much money .
The opening scene of the movie Romper Stomper was filmed in Richmond station .
In the movie it was called Footscray station .
Richmond is a suburb of Melbourne .
It is built on a bridge over Punt Road .
All of Melbourne 's eastern and southeastern rail lines meet here .
That is why it is very busy during sporting and other special events .
Tram route 70 runs past Richmond Station along Swan Street .
Punt Road underpasses directly under the station via a major interchange with Swan Street and Brunton Avenue .
Richmond station has been relocated and rebuilt four times .
By the 1940s the station had deteriorated to the point that it was condemned by the local council .
The bridges at each end of the station across Punt Road and Swan Street were also rebuilt to accommodate the ten tracks .
The old station was demolished .
The condition of Richmond station was criticised again in 2005 .
The opening scene of the movie Romper Stomper was filmed in Richmond station but in the movie it was credited as Footscray station .
On the same day the new station opened in Swan Street .
The new station was raised up and was not at ground level .
The old station was pulled down .
The old station was finally pulled down .
Melbourne held the 2006 Commonwealth Games .
The station had a appearance .
The raised station did n't have much shelter and could be windy and cold .
This led the Victorian Government to think about building a new station .
Melbourne hosted the 2006 Commonwealth Games .
The station 's appearance and poor access led the Victorian Government to think about building a new station .
It has ten platforms joined by three subways .
All of Melbourne 's eastern and south eastern railway lines meet here .
The station is from Flinders Street Station which is Melbourne 's central railway station .
It has ten platforms connected by three subways .
All of Melbourne 's eastern and south eastern rail lines meet here .
At this station the Frankston line splits from the Pakenham and Cranbourne lines .
The tram route 3 and some bus routes stop here .
The Caulfield Monash University and Caulfield Racecourse are close to the station .
It is in Metcard Zone 1 .
It is the station where the Frankston line splits from the Pakenham and Cranbourne lines .
It is located adjacent to the Caulfield Monash University as well as Caulfield Racecourse .
The platforms can be accessed via Sir John Monash Drive and Normanby Road .
The station has 4 platforms .
Two platforms make an island in the middle of the station .
Platform 1 has a large red brick building .
Platform 4 has a large red brick building .
A large Metcard ticket machine is inside the waiting room .
This machine is able to sell most tickets .
It also accept notes and coins .
Small Metcard machines are at the entrances to platforms 1 and 4 .
A subway is located underneath the station .
This allows people to get to the island platform .
Small Metcard machines are located at the entrances to platforms 1 and 4 .
The Metlink brand was introduced in 2003 .
The scheme has been criticised by some in that it is seen as an inappropriate priority .
It is estimated that at least 130 people were killed .
At least 130 people were estimated killed .
Some decks made from maple plywood are dyed to make many different colored plywood .
Modern decks are different in size .
Skateboard decks are normally between 28 and 33 inches long .
The bottom of the deck can be printed with a design by the maker .
Or it can be blank .
It is most often black .
Clear allows the top of the deck to be decorated .
Some decks made from maple ply are dyed to create various different colored ply .
Skateboard decks are usually between 28 and 33 inches long .
Riboflavin is also used to make foods better for you .
Riboflavin is used in vitamin pills .
Jeff Hardy won with a whisper in the wind and a quick flash pin .
Jeff Hardy won with a Whisper in the Wind .
Modest by Peroxwhy ?
Jeff Hardy won with a whisper in the wind and a quick flash pin .
He is currently working on the SmackDown !
He is the younger brother of SmackDown !
The Gulf of Oman used to be called The Persian Sea on old maps .
The Gulf of Oman used to be called The Persian Sea in maps of antiquity .
It is a kind of tort .
The defendant 's duty is what the law says that he or she has to do .
The law tells people what kinds of injuries people can sue about .
A plaintiff can usually sue a defendant only if that defendant was the one who hurt the plaintiff .
But sometimes people get hurt in ways that nobody expects .
The electric pole could fall down and cause a neighborhood to lose electric power .
The law will decide whether the drunk driver caused the person to trip and fall .
The word negligence is sometimes used outside the law in a similar way .
It means that someone has not been careful enough .
There are many kinds of leukemia .
One of the main function of red blood cells is to move oxygen .
One of the main function of red blood cells is to transport oxygen .
It was created for the first time in 1831 by the the Tunisian bey Hassine I.
It was created for the first time in 1831 by the the tunisian bey Hassine I.
AFMs provide pictures of atoms on or in surfaces .
The AFM can do some things that the SEM can not do .
The AFM can sometimes provide higher resolution than the SEM .
This makes it an ideal instrument for imaging biological molecules .
The Territory of Christmas Island is a small island that belongs to Australia .
Christmas Island is a long way from other islands which is why many of the plants and animals are only found on that Island .
Much of it is undisturbed by humans .
After 28 days he arrived on Christmas Island .
This amount of money was decided by guessing how much the phosphate given up by Singapore was worth .
The asylum seekers were sent to Nauru .
Another boatload of asylum seekers was taken from Christmas Island to Papua New Guinea .
It was said that many of the adult asylum seekers threw their children into the water in protest at being turned away .
Neil Lucas was appointed administrator on 28 January 2006 .
This means that for the visitor interested in plants and animals there is a great deal to see .
There is also lots of amazing marine life in the sea .
Dampier was blownn off course and was lost but after 28 days arrived at Christmas Island .
The asylum seekers were sent to Nauru for processing .
Neil Lucas was appointed sdministrator on 28 January 2006 .
This means that for the visitor interested in flora and fauna there is a great deal to see .
The same is true for the coastal waters where the marine life is equivalently spectacular .
The trays were sometimes reused or recycled by users .
The trays were sometimes reused or recycled .
It was mainly in the Valley of Oaxaca of southern Mesoamerica .
Archaeologists think their culture goes back at least 2500 years .
It was the center of a Zapotec state that dominated much of what we know of as the current state of Oaxaca .
This word means inhabitants of the place of sapote .
Archaeological evidence shows their culture goes back at least 2500 years .
They are believed to have been the civilization of later Mesoamerican civilizations came from .
They are believed to have been the progenitor civilization of later Mesoamerican civilizations .
As a producer he was one of the founders and directors of Bunk Rock Productions .
Sum 41 has sold over 15 million albums and won multiple awards all over the world .
His parents are of English descent .
Deryck then became the other guitarist .
They changed their name from Kaspir to Sum 41 for a supernova show .
They got Cone McCaslin to play bass in 1999 after having many other bassists .
He produced for No Warning with the company as well .
He worked as the producer of We Have an Emergency .
It also has his signature Deryck written on the headstock .
Does This Look Infected ?
Does This Look Infected Too ?
Three years later he became Amateur World Champion .
He turned professional in 1965 .
He was world champion twice more .
In 1968 Merckx moved to the Italian Faema team .
He also won the Giro d'Italia .
He won the Giro three more times .
Anquetil was so good at time trailing many people thought he was unbeatable .
Both were in the Tour of Spain .
Merckx became a national hero .
Many people hoped they would race against each other again .
In that year 's Tour de France Ocana was sick and withdrew .
That is a total of 19 victories in the Classics .
Wambst and Merckx crashed .
Merckx set these records during his career .
In 1996 the Belgian king gave him the title of baron .
The Eddy Merckx metro station on the Brussels metro is named in his honor .
His world record bike is at this station .
He won this title twice more .
He would repeat this four times .
Ocana held his lead until a crash forced him to withdraw .
There was much anticipation of a rematch between the two .
In the 1972 edition of the tour Ocana became sick and withdrew and the anticipated duel did not materialise .
The following are records that Merckx set during his career .
In 1996 the Belgian king gave him the lifelong title of baron .
A station on the Brussels metro is named in his honor .
In this station his world record bike can be seen .
Merckx set the hour record in 25 October 1972 .
Merckx also set the hour record in 1972 .
The race finishes with 750 meters on the smooth concrete expanses of the large outdoor velodrome in Roubaix .
Rousseau sent his cycling editor to research the original route between Paris and Roubaix .
The race ironically culminates with 750 meters on the smooth concrete expanses of the large outdoor velodrome in Roubaix .
Hence the race is often followed by the reverse numbering of the cobble sections .
Different materials are also used to make the ride more comfortable for the riders .
The manufacturers claim that this elastomer took nearly all of the shock out of riding the cobblestones .
The service fleet includes 4 motorbikes and 4 technical cars .
They 're not even close to the same .
It does n't take five minutes to work it all out .
You just do what feels right at the moment .
Thousands line the road in this annual rite of spring cheering their larger than life heroes .
They ride in the tracks of bygone legends dreaming of distant fame and glory .
But glory is not without a price .
This is a race that suits me when I 'm having a good day .
He was born Lucas Sunder at Kronach in upper Franconia .
His father taught him how to draw .
We do not know more about his parents .
He also helped design coins and other things .
His first paintings were still lifes and animals on the walls of the palaces at Coburg and Locha .
They were so good that the duke asked Lucas Cranach to make a painting of him .
Lucas Cranach painted the duke spearing a boar .
He made many portraits of the duke and his brother John .
In that year the person in charge gave him the winged snake as a symbol .
This symbol was marked on all his pictures after that date .
Lucas Cranach the Elder died on the 16th of October 1553 at Weimar in Germany .
The house in which he lived still stands in the marketplace .
We have not been able to find out who his parents were .
Lucas Cranach painted the duke killing a boar .
In that year the person in charge gave him the snake with wings as a symbol .
Lucas Cranach painted the duke spearing a boar .
In that year the person in charge gave him the winged snake as a symbol .
The government is not allowed to support one religion more than any other religion .
Evolution is science 's explanation for how life came about .
The United States Constitution is the set of rules that all American government must follow .
It does not allow the government to support one religion more than any other religion .
Behe was one of the people that helped create Intelligent Design .
It had been changed from being about creationism to being about intelligent design .
These were from before most people could get the book .
The authors did this by changing the words created to designed and creationists to intelligent design proponents .
The judge found this interesting .
The judge said this showed that intelligent design was creationism .
The authors did this by changing the words created to design and creationists to intelligent design proponents .
It was about teaching creationism in schools .
It was about creationism .
This means schools run by the government can not teach one type of religion as being true .
The Persians are an Iranic ethnic group who speak the Persian language and share the same culture and history .
The word Persia comes from the name Greek people gave to Iran from many years ago .
Persians are an Iranic ethnic group which primary lives in Iran and some parts in Central Asia .
Persians in Afghanistan are known as Daris and in Tajikistan as Tajiks .
The Persians are an ethnic group who speak the Persian language and share the same culture and history .
The Persians are an Afghan ethnic group who speak the Persian language and share the same culture and history .
A carriage is a type of vehicle that was used before cars were invented .
A carriage is how people moved around before cars were invented .
Sometimes people still use carriages .
The Illyrians faded from history .
The Illirian descendant are Albanians .
The Battle of Kosovo was a battle between Serbian forces and the Ottoman Empire .
The result was an Ottoman victory .
The result was Ottoman Pyrrhic victory also draw in military terms .
The result was Ottoman Pyrrhic victory also draw in military terms .
The Battle of Kosovo was a battle between Serbian forces and the Ottoman Empire .
The result was an Ottoman victory .
Both Serbian and Ottoman rulerers died .
His head was crushed under the wheels .
Pierre Curie is not as well known as Marie Curie .
But Pierre and his brother did a lot of important work before Pierre married and started working with his wife Marie Curie .
Pierre and his brother Jacques built a special meter for measuring small amounts of electricity which Pierre and Marie used in their other discoveries .
His head crushed under the wheels .
As they were the first to study radioactivity they did not know how dangerous it was .
After Pierre 's death a group of scientists at the Radiology Congress decided to honor him by naming the unit of radioactivity a curie .
The state suffers from the highest rate of malnutrition in Mexico .
This floating influx of people is frequently subject to abuse and human rights violations from Mexican authorities .
This is the spelling and pronunciation of the name in Spanish .
By normal Nahuatl orthographic conventions a written accent would not appear there .
This was from about the 1st century to about the 5th century .
It is about 83 km in surface .
It was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1987 .
It covers a total surface area of 83 km and was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1987 .
The original name of the city is unknown .
Nahuatl creation myths took place in the city .
They linked the bundles of reeds and rushes that formed part of the environment of the Valley of Mexico and the large gathering of people in a city .
The Toltec were an early Mexican civilisation .
The Nahuatl word Toltec means great craftsman .
There are some cases where it does not refer to the Toltec civilisation .
Teotihuacan also seems to be older than the Toltec civilisation .
This means the Toltec have probably not founded the city .
The debate continues to this day .
They are considered to be the mother civilization of Mesoamerica .
There seem to be no fortifications or military structures in the city .
This belief was based on Aztec writings which attributed the site to the Toltecs .
Notably absent from the city are fortifications and military structures .
The city is about 40km away from today Mexico City in the State of Mexico .
Hundreds of stone monuments and churches survive to this day inside the Turkish border near Armenia .
Many survive to this day inside the Turkish border near Armenia .
It was established in 190 BC and later became a disputed border region between the Roman Empire and the Persian Empire .
The word audition can be used as a noun or a verb .
Three senior members of the orchestra auditioned a young musician for a place in the orchestra .
The young musician auditioned for a job in the orchestra .
Pushing Daisies is an American television series that originally aired on the ABC network in October 2007 .
All were from Belgium .
First run in 1907 .
First held in 1913 .
They are noisy birds and they live in big groups .
Flamingos are wading birds .
There are six species of Flamingo .
The other four are found in North America and South America .
Color and shape .
Flamingos are pink or red .
This is because of small bacteria that live in water which the Flamingos eat .
They also eat small shrimp .
Baby Flamingos are gray .
Flamingos are tall birds and they have long legs .
They often stand on only one leg .
Scientists do not know why Flamingos do this .
Flamingos have a curved bill that is shaped like a banana .
This is because they feed in the mud on the bottom of lakes .
Many Flamingos that live in Kenya and Tanzania are dying .
Scientists do not know why .
They think it may be because of bacteria in the water .
They are wading birds .
They are found in both the Western and Eastern Hemispheres .
There are four species in the Americas .
Two kinds of flamingos live in the Old World .
It is the largest mountain in the region and has the nicknames Giant of Provence and The Bald Mountain .
In the 15th century a chapel was built on the top .
It was dedicated to the Holy Cross .
Adenine is a chemical part of DNA and RNA .
Adenine is a chemical component of DNA and RNA .
It places several tautomers together These are compounds that can be quickly interconverted and are often considered equivalent .
Simplified English is a set of approved words and writing rules .
Decrease doubt .
The words in simplified English can only be used in approved ways .
This decreases misunderstanding .
The development of Simple English began in the 1970 's and continues today .
Reduce doubt .
Simplified English has a dictionary of words and those words can only be used in certain ways .
It can decrease doubt .
It can make reading faster .
It can make translation easier for humans .
The rules say to only use the words in simplified English in approved ways .
The rules disapprove the use of the adjective close .
The rules specify the use of the adjective near instead of the adjective close .
People started developing simplified English in the 1970s .
People continue developing simplified English today .
AECMA is the European Association of Aerospace Manufacturers .
AECMA began work on simplified English .
ASD is the AeroSpace and Defence Industries Association of Europe .
ASD has a Maintenance Group called STEMG that continues work on simplified English .
STEMG is the Simplified Technical English Maintenance Group .
Decrease doubt .
The words in simplified English can only be used in approved ways .
The development of Simple English began in the 1970 's and continues today .
It measures the probability that a certain number of events occur within a certain period of time .
The events need to be unrelated to each other .
It measures the probability that a certain number of events occur within a certain time interval .
The events need to be independent of one another .
Milram only joined the UCI ProTour in 2006 .
Alessandro Petacchi regained his top form and won some races .
The scouting system established in middle 2006 will be maintained .
The BMI can be used to diagnose if a person is overweight .
The values given above should not be taken as absolute .
Different countries and different doctors apply different values .
Given the reservations detailed above concerning the limitations of the BMI as a diagnostic tool for individuals .
They should not be applied to children .
It was invented between 1830 and 1850 .
BMI is used by the World Health Organisation and by doctors and other health professionals today even though it is more than 150 years old .
Body mass index is a special measure that allows to see if a person is of an appropriate weight for their height .
Body mass index is often abbreviated to BMI .
BMI is used by governments today even though it came about 150 years ago .
BMI is used by the World Health Organisation and by doctors and other health workers today even though it is more than 150 years old .
This is the formula .
The BMI can be used as a guide to whether someone is overweight .
These figures are not to be used for small children who are still growing .
BMI is used by the World Health Organisation and by doctors and other health professionals today even though it is more than 150 years old .
The BMI value can be calculated with the following formula .
The BMI can be used to determine if a person is overweight .
The figures below are not to be used for small children who are growing .
A second series was shown in 2008 .
It has been renewed for a second season to air later in 2008 .
The shorts were created by cartoonist Matt Groening .
The stories were written and storyboarded by Matt Groening .
After season one it was animated by Archer and Silverman .
Georgie Peluse was the colorist and the person who decided to make the characters yellow .
The characters are voiced by the same people known from The Simpsons .
The shorts were shown on the first three seasons on The Tracey Ullman Show .
Only a few of these shorts have been released on DVD .
Good Night was included on The Simpsons .
Groening has announced that all of the shorts will be available on mobile phones .
The shorts were poo by cartoonist Matt Groening .
The shorts were created by cartoonist Matt Groening .
Each character has one main color .
One of the major advocates of this hypothesis is Colin Renfrew .
French literature is the literature of France .
There are countries besides France where French is also spoken .
Literary works in French but not from France are called Francophone literature .
Shearer portrayed Derek Smalls in the 1984 comedy movie This is Spinal Tap .
Shearer portrayed Derek Smalls in the 1984 film This is Spinal Tap .
Jagiello himself was born to a father already in his fifties or sixties .
He did this so the Nazis would not steal them .
He placed the solution on a shelf in his laboratory at the Niels Bohr Institute .
The Nazis saw the Jar .
It was one of perhaps hundred similar jars .
The Nazis thought those jars contained normal chemicals .
He then found the jar with the solution .
He then extracted the gold from the solution .
He placed the resulting solution on a shelf in his laboratory at the Niels Bohr Institute .
It is made by mixing nitric acid and hydrochloric acid .
In the Middle Ages it was one of the reasons that alchemists wanted to find the Philosopher 's stone .
The Nazis saw the jar that contained the dissolved medals .
Many other jars looked like it .
The Nazis thought that all the jars contained normal chemicals .
He found the jar with the solution and removed the gold from it .
He returned the gold to the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences .
The Nobel Foundation took the gold and used it to make new new medals for Laue and Franck .
It is made by mixing nitric acid and hydrocholric acid .
The Nazis saw the Jar .
It was one of perhaps hundred similar jars .
The Nazis thought those jars contained normal chemicals .
He then found the jar with the solution .
He then extracted the gold from the solution .
The gold was returned to the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and the Nobel Foundation presented new medals to Laue and Franck .
It used to be called muriatic acid .
Both the mist and the solution have a bad effect on human tissue .
They are caustic .
That is to say they cause chemical burns .
The risks of solutions of hydrochloric acid depend on the concentration .
The Environmental Protection Agency says hydrochloric acid is a toxin .
It is about someone who has killed an old man with a strange eye .
It follows an unnamed narrator who insists on his sanity despite his murder of an old man with a vulture eye .
The murder is carefully calculated and the murderer hides the body by cutting it into pieces and hiding it under the floorboards .
The story does not say if the old man and the killer are related .
Some people think that the old man is a father figure .
The story does not even say if the narrator is male or female .
The narrator becomes so bothered by the eye that he plots to murder the old man .
The ambiguity and lack of details about the two main characters stands in stark contrast to the specific plot details leading up to the murder .
The narrator 's paranoid symptoms lead to an irrational fear of the weird clouded eye .
Cale hates his father for having disappeared on the Titan .
A human captain named Joseph Korso and his pilot Akima seek out Cale .
They tell him that he must help them find the Titan .
They say that the ship has machinery that will create a new Earth .
Doing this will bring humanity back together again .
The Drej want to find the Titan so that they can destroy it .
They escape from him but become stranded on a drifter colony .
Cale and Akima repair one of the wrecked spacecraft at the colony .
They use it to go to where the Titan has been hidden .
Korso finds and boards the Titan .
Cale trying to save him but Korso slips from Cale 's grip and falls to his apparent death .
Cale thinks that the energy that makes up the Drej and their ships may be used to power up the Titans systems .
The Drej are destroyed while the ship creates a new planet .
The final scene is of all the human coming to the planet named New Earth Bob .
Cale resents his father for having disappeared on the Titan .
They exchange a wave and the girl closes the window on him .
A human captain named Joseph Korso seeks out Cale .
The Drej want to find the Titan so that they can destroy it and prevent the humans from coming back together and rebuilding .
Cale escapes the Drej mothership through one of their ships after discovering his ability to move through the ship by splitting apart the energy using his fingers .
They race through a nebula and eventually the Valkyrie docks with Drifter Colony New Bangkok .
Akima quickly recovers due to the medical assistance from the people of New Bangkok .
Cale reveals to her that he has a plan to beat Korso to the Titan by using a ship that was abandoned on the station .
The Drej also arrive on the scene .
Korso and the crew of the Valkyrie find and boards the Titan .
A fight breaks out and Korso kills Preed by snapping his neck .
Cale tries to save him but Korso slips from Cale 's grip and falls to his apparent death .
Akima and Stith work together to defend the Titan against the Drej attack as Cale makes his way outside the ship to repair power connectors to convert the Titan energy cells to charge by Drej energy .
Cale rushes back to the control room and fixes his ring on the main control as Korso wedges his gun between the connectors .
Proteins make many of the structures and all the enzymes in a cell or organism .
The expression of a gene may vary a lot in different tissues .
Proteins make many of the structures and all the enzymemes in a cell or organism .
The expression of a gene may vary considerably in different tissues of the body .
In some cases it is possible for a student who has failed to take the exam again another time .
An examination may be a written test or a practical test .
One of the features that makes Emmental different from other cheeses is its holes .
One of the features that distinguish Emmental from other cheeses is the fact that it has holes .
Hector was a Category 2 hurricane made it to the Central Pacific .
Hector made it to the Central Pacific .
Kristy was a Category 1 hurricane that was outflowed by Hurricane John .
Kristy was outflowed by Hurricane John .
No two Fermat numbers have common divisors .
Endorphins are chemicals that are something like opioids .
Endorphins are chemical substances that resemble opioids .
Endorphins are proteins that are something like opioids .
Endorphins are peptides that are something like opioids .
Receptors bind to specialised molecules .
That meant that de Valera was tge only person who could stop a bill becoming law .
British planes from Lough Erne in County Fermanagh flew a shortcut across Donegal to patrol the Atlantic .
The German Ambassador 's Eduard Hempel radio transmitter was shut down in 1943 .
Crashed airmen operational flights were interned until the end of the war .
This he did with a vengeance .
At various levels it contained key symbols to mark Irish republican independence from Britain .
De Valera kept Ireland neutral in World War II .
The British MI5 naturally took more than a passing interest in his deeds and whereabouts .
The revised final terms were signed by Neville Chamberlain on 28 June 1940 and sent to de Valera .
No formal declaration of war was required .
The policy of neutrality was adhered to .
A mechanism was devised to allow Allied airmen who crashed in Free State territory to be returned to duty across the border .
He later wrote I expected this .
De Valera did not apologize later .
The behavior of de Valera 's government towards Jewish refugees fleeing the Holocaust is also controversial .
De Valera has been reported to have helped Nazi war criminals and collaborators find asylum in Ireland .
Neither was particularly appealing and either would have led to an upsurge in subversive activity .
An alliance with the United Kingdom risked internal political instability .
De Valera 's policy of neutrality probably enabled him to maintain a political unity with the opposition .
De Valera interned hundreds of IRA men during the war and had no hesitation in executing IRA prisoners to set an example .
He feared that IRA actions might provoke the British into crossing the border .
Details of the meetings were not disclosed but it is believed another offer was made over the status of Northern Ireland .
We had only the northwestern approach between Ulster and Scotland through which to bring in the means of life and to send out the forces of war .
Churchill was here contrasting de Valera with tens of thousands of volunteers from Ireland who chose to fight for the Allied forces despite Ireland 's neutrality .
When I think of these days I think also of other episodes and personalities .
But we in this island are still prouder of our people 's perseverance for freedom through all the centuries .
Pope John XXIII bestowed on him the Order of Christ .
De Valera is alleged by critics to have kept Ireland under the influence of Catholic conservatism .
A notable failure was his attempt to reverse the provision of the 1937 Constitution in relation to the electoral system .
De Valera argued that Proportional Representation had been responsible for the instability that had characterised much of the post war period .
A constitutional referendum to ratify this was defeated by the people .
There live about 25 ' 000 people .
The end of the construction of the roadway is estimated in the year 2011 .
It has got a slot capacity of 90 flights per hour and a terminal capacity of 50 million passengers per year .
It has got a slot capacity of 90 flights per hour and a terminal capacity of 50 million passangers per year .
Also he is ready for dispatching the new Airbus A380 .
Later versions escorted American bombers over Europe and Japan .
It was first made to go with American bombers over Germany .
The C and D versions would also come .
The D version had a bubble top .
The subspecies of oregano Origanum vulgare hirtum is an important herb .
The leaves are used for cooking .
Oregano is an ingredient needed for Greek cuisine .
It adds flavor to the Greek salad .
It can be used separately .
A closely related plant is marjoram from Asia Minor .
That plant has a completely different taste .
This is because phenolic compounds are missing in its essential oil .
The subspecies of oregano Origanum vulgare hirtum is an important culinary herb .
It is particularly widely used in Greek and Italian cuisines .
Oregano is an indispensable ingredient for Greek cuisine .
The flowers are purple .
Basil is originally native to India and other tropical regions of Asia .
It is prominently featured in many cuisines throughout the world .
The leaves are opposite each other .
The flowers are quite big .
They are white in color and arranged as a spike .
Basil is very sensitive to cold .
In recipes it is generally added at the last moment .
Cooking it quickly destroys the meal .
The fresh herb can be kept for a short time in plastic bags in the refrigerator .
Using a freezer will allow for it to be kept a longer time .
Mediterranean and Indochinese cuisines frequently use basil .
In Mediterranean cuisines it is often combined with tomato .
The other two main ingredients of Pesto are olive oil and pine nuts .
Basil is sometimes used with fresh fruit and in fruit jams and sauces .
This is because it tastes slighly differently .
When soaked in water the seeds of several basil varieties become gelatinous .
They are used in Asian drinks and desserts such as falooda or sherbet .
These would have been the V Olympic Winter Games .
There were some problems between the Swiss organizers and the IOC so the Games were canceled again .
The games were canceled because of the start of World War II .
The people who created the Gunpowder Plot wanted a Catholic king for Britain .
One of the rebels was Guy Fawkes .
They remember the explosives by exploding fireworks in public places .
The guys represent Guy Fawkes .
Should ever be forgot .
The people who created the Gunpowder Plot wanted Britain to be ruled by a Catholic king .
One of the rebels was named Guy Fawkes .
They remember the explosives by setting fireworks in public places .
I see no reason why Gunpowder Treason should ever be forgot .
His most typical works are skillful pictures of the people and landscape under the Spanish sun .
His most typical works are characterized by a dexterous representation of the people and landscape under the sunlight of his native land .
A Donkey vote is when someone puts numbers on an election ballot paper in the same order that the candidates are listed .
A Donkey vote is where someone numbers an election ballot paper in the order of the candidates being listed .
Rockingham will be connected with Perth by the Mandurah railway line late in 2007 .
Rockingham was first recorded as a settlement in 1847 and was gazetted as a town in 1897 .
Rockingham will be connected with Perth via the Mandurah railway line late in 2007 .
The Mandurah railway line is a proposed suburban railway line in Perth .
The ferry is popular for people to go to the zoo located in South Perth .
The ferry is popular for people to go to the Perth Zoo located in South Perth .
He has performed at many opera houses around the world .
Since February 2007 he has been performing at the Royal Swedish Opera in Stockholm .
This is where he sings in the operas La Traviata and Tosca .
He got liberty on February 2010 .
He obtained conditional liberty on February 2010 .
This product was created and sold by Apple Inc.
This product is created and sold by Apple Inc.
The iPod classic was the first type of iPod .
It moves up in technology through generations .
This product was created and sold by Apple Inc.
This was during the period when the area of Santo Domingo was a Spanish colony .
It is found 5km away from Ludwigsburg and 10km away from Stuttgart .
It is located 5km away from Ludwigsburg and 10km away from Stuttgart .
The eyes and tail move back and forth .
The Xbox 360 game console can have many problems .
The problem that is the worst is what many people call the red Ring of Death problem .
When three red lights burn on the Xbox and it will not work anymore .
They say a lot of all the Xbox 360s will break and will have to be repaired or replaced by Microsoft .
Others say tit is more like one in four of the Xbox 360 's .
Microsoft tries to make the problem a little bit smaller by trying to change the inside of the Xbox so that it will not become so hot inside .
So perhaps Xbox 360 's that will be made in the year 2008 or later will not break so often .
The Xbox 360 can be subject to a number of possible technical problems .
The problem that people think is the worst problem is what many people call the red Ring of Death problem .
But some of the people who sell them know how many they get back from angry people because it is broken .
They have told the newspapers and magazines that they believe that of each three Xbox 360 's sold one will break with the red Ring of Death .
Perhaps Xbox 360 's that will be made in the year 2008 or later will not break so often .
Microsoft also told people who own a little bit of Microsoft that they needed one and a halve billion dollars to pay for the broken Xbox 360s !
That is enough money to buy one new Xbox for every three Xbox 360 Microsoft has sold .
The problem that is the worst is what many people call the red Ring of Death problem .
Others say tit is more like one in four of the Xbox 360 's .
So perhaps Xbox 360 's that will be made in the year 2008 or later will not break so often .
DNA polymerase is an enzyme in the body that can copy DNA that already exists .
DNA polymerase is an enzyme in the body that can copy existing DNA .
The most famous things that DNA polymerases do is DNA replication .
In DNA replication DNA polymerase reads a piece of DNA that 's already there and uses it to make a new piece that is exactly the same as the old piece .
DNA polymerase is an enzyme in the body that can copy DNA that already exists .
This is disliked by Apple and will stop the warranty .
It is used by touching the item on the screen u want to use .
This is not allowed by Apple and will void the warranty .
It is operated by touching the item on the screen to use it .
Part of the contract is to use the Iphone only with the carrier with whom the contract was signed .
Apple dislikes this and will stop the warranty .
It can show the Internet .
This is disliked by Apple and will stop the warranty .
A monsoon is a seasonal wind which lasts for several months .
A monsoon is a seasonal prevailing wind which lasts for several months .
There can be a chinese type of monsoon .
The ruins have not been found yet but it is believed to be on the River Euphrates between Sippar and Kish .
The text defines a set of rights .
All men have these rights .
It also talks about some rights many people have together .
They are said to be rights of human nature itself .
It was the first step towards writing a constitution .
It also did not explicitly address slavery .
The text definea set of individual rights and collective rights of all of the estates as one .
This paper explains a list of rights .
They are said to be rights of human nature .
It was a very important first thing to do before the people could write a constitution .
It also did not talk about slavery .
The ideas written in the declaration are important in French law today .
They can be used to fight or change new laws or other government actions .
The text defines a set of rights .
They are said to be rights of human nature itself .
It was the first step towards writing a constitution .
It also did not explicitly address slavery .
They can be used to oppose legislation or other government activities .
The 2003 Pacific hurricane season saw an strangely big number of tropical cyclones affect Mexico .
Three other Pacific storms and three Atlantic storms also affected Mexico .
The only other big storm of the season was Hurricane Jimena .
Hurricane Jimena passed just to the south of Hawaii .
Hurricane Jimena was the first storm to go near Hawaii for several years .
The 2003 Pacific hurricane season saw an unusually large number of tropical cyclones affect Mexico .
Jane only agreed after her parents had beaten and whipped her .
Jane only agreed when her parent beaten and whipped her .
Franco tried to suppress Basque nationalism and separatism .
It was also allowed to change taxes .
The location of Lake Urmia is at .
Lake Urmia is located at .
Land vertebrates appeared in the Carboniferous period .
The Gnathostomata first appeared in the Ordovician period and became common in the Devonian period .
The yearly floods make the delta very good for fishing and farming .
The yearly floods make the delta very good for fishing and agriculture .
Some women achieve orgasm from clitoral stimulation as part of cunnilingus .
Most women achieve orgasm easily from clitoral stimulation as part of cunnilingus .
Cavendish claimed that the force between the two electrical objects gets smaller as they get further apart .
Cavendish claimed that the force between the two electrical objects is inversely proportional to their distance 's square .
The axial tilt of Earth is the cause of seasons like summer and winter on Earth .
The axial tilt of Earth is the cause of Seasons like summer and winter on Earth .
She won CMT 's Breakthrough Video of the Year award in 2007 for Tim McGraw .
She was also nominated by the Academy of Country Music for Top New Female Vocalist .
It saw little action because the war was nearly over .
It did not have much fighting because the war was ending .
A pistol is a type of gun that is small and can be used with only one hand .
Many pistols are used for defending yourself .
They also have shorter barrels .
Pistols usually only fire one shot every time you pull the trigger .
Some famous pistols are the Colt M1911 and the Beretta 92 .
Pistols were not commonly used in the western United States during the 1800s .
Designed in 1893 and became available in 1894 .
A pistol is a compact firearm which is operable by a single hand .
They also have shorter barrels and are of a lower caliber than longarms or assault weapons .
The United States Armed Forces heavily employed the Colt M1911 and the Beretta 92 pistols as sidearms .
Pistols were not commonly used in the western United States until the late 19th century .
A pistol is a type of gun that is small and can be used with only one hand .
Many pistols are used for defending yourself .
They also have shorter barrels .
Pistols usually only fire one shot every time you pull the trigger .
Some famous pistols are the Colt M1911 and the Beretta 92 .
Pistols were not commonly used in the western United States during the 1800s .
Designed in 1893 and became available in 1894 .
His obedience towards his family made him unhappy .
His obedience towards his family left him to be unhappy .
Speculations around the court had said that George was a homosexual .
He was indeed a homosexual for he was not happy with his Jane Parker .
His wife and her big mouth was his undoing .
They had a brother called George Boleyn .
She was born in Hever in about 1499 .
Mary Tudor was going to be married to King Louis XII of France .
It is thought that Mary Boleyn became Francis I 's lover for a while .
Mary married William Carey in 1520 .
She was accused of having had other lovers and was executed .
They lived happily together until Mary died in 1543 .
She was born in Hever .
Her sister took her place to the King 's heart and later they married .
The wreaths honor people who have died in wars .
On the same day other countries also have days to remember war and soldiers .
At the end of the silence the bugle plays a song called Reveille .
The wreaths honor people who died in wars .
She stopped going to school at 16 and started her career in fashion .
She then went back to Britain and worked on British Vogue .
Muslims believe Muhammad 's life is a good model for them to follow in their own lives .
These stories are called Hadith .
Sunnah also refers to physically and morally qualities of Muhammad .
The mosque is the 3rd most important place in Islam .
In return the police shot rubber bullets at the group of Palestinians .
Known as the third holiest place in Islam .
This mosque is said to be the first Islamic mosque ever built .
The mosque was first built in 705 AD .
The first mosque was destroyed in a earthquake in 748 AD and had to be built again .
The third mosque was built around 780 AD .
Jerusalem was taken over by the Crusaders in 1099 .
In 1119 it was changed into the headquarters for the Templar Knights .
It is part of the Old World sparrow family Passeridae .
It is closely related to Weaver Finch family .
It can be found in all over the world .
It was originally only found in Europe and Asia .
It is now the bird with the widest distribution .
This means it is found in the most places .
The House Sparrow is small bird .
Females are smaller than males .
The male and female House Sparrows are different colors .
It has a black throat .
The female and young House Sparrows are brown and dark yellow or cream .
The House Sparrow lives close to humans and it is often found near human houses in towns or cities .
It is also found near farms .
The House Sparrow makes a nest in a bush or small tree .
It can have two or three broods per year .
This means it has two or three sets of eggs and chicks each year .
The number of House Sparrows in the United Kingdom has gone down .
They are now endangered in the United Kingdom .
It occurs naturally in most of Europe and much of Asia .
Although is found in many people and their buildings .
King Asoka held a festival every year in its honor in the month of KattikaMhv .
Sankore University and other madrasas are in the city .
The city was important for thinking and for religion in the 15th and 16th centuries .
The word Scientology means the study of knowledge .
This scale of emotion is called the Tone Scale .
Auditing helps people look at thoughts and understand them better .
This in turn helps them feel better .
There is something about the mind that remembers painful times .
The other part of a person 's mind remembers everything else .
Auditing is meant to help a person understand his engrams .
The goal is to become clear of all of them .
Scientologists use this as an idea in their lives .
Positions on the tone scale started from the idea that one way of feelings is better than a worse way of feeling .
The tone scale is frequently used by Scientologists to understand people .
The word Scientology means the study of the truth .
The higher up on the tone scale the more free someone is .
Auditing helps people examine specific areas of their existence so they can rid themselves of unwanted spiritual conditions .
There is a part of the mind that stores all bad memories .
Bad memories are called engrams .
The other part of a human mind takes in all the good memories .
Auditing is meant to help a person to get rid of all his engrams and reach a state called clear .
The tone scale is a characterization of human mood and behavior by various positions on a scale .
The tone scale is frequently used by Scientologists to evaluate humans .
Scientology has been very controversial since it began .
Scientology has been very controversial since its beginnings .
The Church of Scientology says that there are over 10 million people who are a part of the Church .
The book Dianetics was the first self help book ever to be written .
Scientologists believe it is growing .
You are the people who own the planet .
A person 's mind remembers painful times .
A person 's mind also remembers everything else .
Its goal is to become clear of them .
There is something about the mind that remembers painful times .
The other part of a person 's mind remembers everything else .
The goal is to become clear of all of them .
Scientology is bullshit .
Hey you wanted it simple .
Scientology is a movement based on a system of beliefs .
He started it in 1952 .
Hubbard contributed until his death in 1986 .
Different people understand the words he wrote differently .
Scientology has been controversial since it began .
The Church of Scientology says that there are over 10 million people who are a part of the Church .
Juli 2005 .
Scientologists believe it is growing .
The word Scientology means the study of knowledge .
The spirit is the person himself .
He uses his mind and body .
The purpose of life is to survive .
Harmful drugs should not be taken .
This scale of emotion is called the Tone Scale .
Auditing helps people look at thoughts and understand them better .
This in turn helps them feel better .
You are the people who own the planet .
It was written by L Ron Hubbard in the year 1950 .
A person 's mind remembers painful times .
A person 's mind also remembers everything else .
Auditing is meant to help a person understand his engrams .
Its goal is to become clear of them .
Hubbard called this the ARC Triangle .
Scientologists use this as an idea in their lives .
Positions on the tone scale started from the idea that one way of feelings is better than a worse way of feeling .
The tone scale is frequently used by Scientologists to understand people .
This species is always found near humans .
This species is always found in association with humans or activities of humans .
Thucydides has been regarded as the father of scientific history .
The Peloponnesian War .
She became more well know when she teamed up with Matt and Jeff Hardy as Team Xtreme .
It ended in 2005 after her affair with Adam Copeland .
WWE used the problems between them as part of a story during 2005 and 2006 .
It had three passages of writing on it that were all the same .
Simple English ?
You get it ?
You 're stupid .
Nickel Creek is an American acoustic musical group .
A fourth member also plays bass with the band .
Mark Schatz has played bass with Nickel Creek since 2003 .
Nickel Creek Journals .
Nickel Creek .
Nickel Creek Certified Gold .
This Side was different from the first album by adding more pop and rock .
Sara Watkins .
Nickel Creek Journals .
Nickel Creek .
Why Should the Fire Die ?
Nickel Creek released Why Should the Fire Die ?
We are a band that incorporates bluegrass into our music .
There 's been a problem in perception .
I 'm not looking for anything to top this .
It ca n't be duplicated in my life .
Why Should the Fire Die ?
Scar ca n't become king unless Mufasa and Simba both die .
The story is talking about a young lion prince growing up to become the lion king .
The story revloves around a young lion prince growing up to become the lion king .
The movie is about a young lion prince growing up to become the lion king .
Simba believes Scar and is so upset he runs very far away .
Scar takes over the kingdom and becomes King and tells everyone that Simba is dead .
He learns to live without any worries or cares .
Run away and never return .
Then he tells the hyenas to kill Simba .
One of the hyenas bumps into the pile of cacti and comes out screaming .
The fossilized remains of Castorocauda lutrasimilis are an exception to this .
Mammaliforms have several common structures .
This is thought to aid in the grinding of food to make it quicker to digest .
The fossilized remains of Castorocauda lutrasimilis are a unique exception .
His interest in politics came from Lala Lajpat Rai 's ideas .
His interest in politics was inspired by Lala Lajpat Rai 's ideals .
Small quantities of it can be found in the central nervous system of many animals .
Such products are also a problem .
Such produgs are an additional problem .
The drug has been used as a recreational drug .
This is because it can make a person euphoric .
GHB can cause GHB Comas .
This is when people faint or become unconscious .
Many of them are used in industrial processes .
An example of this is paint strippers .
It can also help people who have a problem with alcoholism or cataplexy .
In patients with narcolepsy it has been used to treat sleepiness during the day .
Athletes have used it to make their performance better .
Many countries have made it illegal if it is not used as medicine .
This is what makes most deaths .
People feel in a good mood .
They also lower their inhibitions .
Lots of them are used in industrial processes .
What is fine for use in industry may be bad for humans .
It can also help people who have a problem with alcoholism or suffer from cataplexy .
In patients with narcolepsy it has been used to treat daytime sleepiness .
Athletes have used it to improve their performance .
This is what causes most deaths .
Many of them are used in industrial processes .
What is fine for industrial use may be toxic to humans .
The Bethlehem Housing Authority was formed in 1939 .
The new houses were called Pembroke Village .
They were on reclaimed farmland in the northeast part of the city .
The war meant there was very little building in the US .
But Bethlehem Steel 's factory was more or less turned over completely toward providing goods for the war effort .
Thousands of workers were brought into Bethlehem to help the plant work for 24 hours a day .
This meant a lot of houses were needed in the city .
The government and the housing authority got extra land and built three communities as temporary war housing .
Bethlehem Steel 's home plant was more or less turned over completely toward providing materiel for the war effort .
This created a serious need for at least temporary housing in the city .
It had ten buildings .
They were among the very first of their type in the United States .
The BHA now has some 450 apartments now exist to serve the older adults in need of affordable housing .
They are among the very first of their type in the country .
Frank Loretti 's wanted to modernize the way the authority worked and was organised .
He wanted to use computers for the authority 's records and other functions .
During this time each development was modernized inside and out .
South Terrace and Parkridge were rebuilt between 1985 and 1991 and all other buildings were improvemed .
Frank Loretti 's goals were to modernize the authority 's aging infrastructure and to computerize record management and other functions .
South Terrace and Parkridge were rebuilt between 1985 and 1991 and all other structures received improvements .
The Bethlehem Housing Authority does not have so much money from the federal government .
HUD says agencies must do more with less .
The authority also has various recreational and social programs for tenants of all ages .
One such program involves Habitat For Humanity .
The authority is proud to provide various recreational and social programs for tenants of all ages .
She was one of the members of the famous group Les Six .
She was one of the famous Group Les Six .
Republicanism is the ideology of governing a nation as a republic with an emphasis on liberty and the civic virtue practiced by citizens .
The business was bought in 1971 by Leonard Riggio .
He oversaw the growth of the business .
These were eventually phased out in favor of larger stores .
The purchase of 797 bookstores turned the company into a nationwide retailer .
The device was announced in the United States on 20 October 2009 .
It was released 30 November 2009 for .
All other physical anomalies together occur in 6 per 1000 live births .
All other physical anomalies have a combined incidence of 6 per 1000 live births .
REDIRECTSimple English Wikipedia is smacked by Duke Nukem 's Mighty Foot .
Kercher had been part of a student exchange program .
She had gone to Italy to complete her degree course .
A fourth man is being held in Germany .
All will appeal their sentences .
Sollecito recieved 25 years imprisonment and Know recieved 26 years imprisonment .
Both will appeal their sentences .
Meredith Kercher was born in England and was 21 years old .
She was a student at Leeds University .
She lived in a house with some other students .
The next day some police officers came to the house because two mobile phones were found in a garden near the house .
Kercher 's bedroom door was locked .
Someone broke the door to open it .
The police looked in the bedroom and found Meredith Kercher 's body .
She was naked .
There was a lot of blood on her body .
Someone had stabbed her neck with a knife .
The police arrested three people .
They arrested an American student called Amanda Knox .
Knox lived in the house with Kercher .
The police also arrested an Italian student called Raffaele Sollecito .
He was Knox 's boyfriend .
The third person was called Rudy Guede .
He was unemployed .
Police in Germany caught him and took him back to Italy .
Guede was put on trial in Italy .
He was found guilty .
He was sent to prison for 30 years .
He appealed against his sentence and it was changed to 16 years in prison .
He still says that he did not kill Meredith Kercher .
Knox and Sollecito were also put on trial .
Sollecito was sent to prison for 25 years and Knox was sent to prison for 26 years .
They will appeal their sentences .
All will appeal their sentences .
Salisbury is a city in southern England .
Salisbury is close to many rivers .
Salisbury has a large church called a Cathedral .
The cathedral has four copies of the Magna Carta .
Salisbury is city in the southern part of England .
Salisbury is very close to many important rivers .
Glasgow said that he believed that it was likely that Watson killed his wife by holding her underwater and turning off her air supply .
This explanation of Tina 's death was later found to be untrue by the Supreme Court of Queensland .
The Court later determined that the extent of any changes were largerly exagerated .
Gabe did not return to Australia or testify for the inquest .
Supreme Court of Queensland found these allegations against Gabe untrue and the Court of Appeal also found them untrue .
This sentance resulted into Tina 's father calling the Australian justice system a sham .
The Queensland Attorney General then became concerned at media outrage and launched an appeal against the leniency of the sentance .
Tina 's husband David Gabriel Gabe Watson has not returned to Australia since the event .
He also did not testify during the inquest .
Gabe Watson claimed hundreds of thousands of dollars in insurance money from her death until it was believed that he may have killed her .
This has caused an upset both to Tinas family and some Australians .
Supreme Court of Queensland found these allegations against Gabe untrue and the Court of Appeal also found them untrue .
There is no doubt that this plea disposed of both the murder charge and the manslaughter charge as the Court could have found him guilty of murder .
Virtually all democratic countries now have legislation that should prevent Mr Watson being tried a second time .
Tina was a Southern Baptist .
She was employed as a Departmental Manager at the Southern Department chain of Parisan .
Watsons death caused media attention in both Australian and American media and also from media around the world because of the unusual case .
Watsons death caused media attention by both Australian and American media and also from media around the world because of the unusual case .
The appeal was expedited because of concerns volubly expressed by Tina 's father .
She was employed as a Departmental Manager at the small southern department store chain of Parisian .
She had only been married to her husband David Gabriel Gabe Watson for 11 days at the time of her death .
The doctor who performed the autopsy found she died of accidental drowning in a scuba diving accident .
The Appeal was expedited because of concerns volubly expressed by Tina 's father .
She was employed as a Departmental Manager at the modest Southern department store chain of Parisian .
The appeal was held quickly because of concerns raised by Tina 's father .
Tina was a Southern Baptist and a graduate of the University of Alabama .
The appeal was expedited because of concerns volubly expressed by Tina 's father .
Tina was a Southern Baptist and a graduate of Alabama University .
She was employed as a Departmental Manager at the small southern department store chain of Parisian .
Her remains were moved in 2007 to a different lot purchased by Gabe .
Gabe did not return to Australia or speak at the inquest .
Gabe Watson 's Australian lawyers believed it was not in his best interest to continue to legal action against the insurance company .
He said he was not guilty of murdering his wife .
The judge said Gabe had come back to Australia of his own free will in May of 2009 and given himself up .
The Queensland Attorney General then became concerned at media outrage and started an appeal against the short prison sentence .
The state wanted Gabe to serve two and a half years in prison .
The Crown had said that Gabe 's sentence should be increased because it was so wrong .
Any fair minded person would be upset at the mercy shown by the single judge who handed down the such a short prison sentence for such a serious crime .
They said that Gabe had never done anything wrong in the past and he was a good person .
The judges were in agreement about most of the trial .
However they did not agree about the prison sentence .
For many years he has been unfairly blamed for her murder .
Watson 's death caused media attention in both Australian and American media and also from media around the world because of the unusual case .
Her remains were relocated in 2007 to a different lot purchased by Gabe .
Gabe did not return to Australia or testify for the inquest .
Mr Watson 's Australian lawyers believed it was not in his best interest to continue to legal action against the insurance company .
He pled Not Guilty .
The judge said Gabe had returned to Australia of his own free will in May of 2009 and given himself up .
The Queensland Attorney General then became concerned at media outrage and started an appeal against the leniency of the sentence .
The State wanted Gabe to serve two and a half years in prison .
The judges published their decision on 18th September 2009 .
They said that given Gabe 's prior exemplary character and that the death of Tina resulted from an error or mistake the sentence was a fair one .
The judges were in agreement in much but also disagreed as to the sentence .
Watsons death caused media attention in both Australian and American media and also from media around the world because of the unusual case .
The Queensland Attorney General then became concerned at media comment and started an appeal against the year long sentence .
The Queensland Attorney General then became concerned at media outrage and started an appeal against the short prison sentence .
For many years he has been unfairly blamed for her murder .
Her remains were moved to a different location by Gabe .
Gabe moved into the house that Tina gave him when she died .
Tina 's father that Gabe had asked Tina to increase her life insurance policy and make him the only person who can claim it right before their wedding .
He also said that several hundreds of thousands of dollars of insurance money after Tina 's death until they named him as a possible suspect .
He also claimed that several hundreds of thousands of dollars of insurance money after Tina 's death until they named him as a possible suspect .
The author was award winning investigative journalist Peter Patrick .
He says the court decided to call this manslaughter .
This is the first media account to contain first hand interviews from both Gabe Watson 's family and Tina 's family .
Relying on technical experts the story reports that Gabe was exonerated by the Queensland Court of Appeal of murder but convicted of failing to comply with a previously unused and little known part of the Queensland Penal Code .
He says the Court decided to call this manslaughter .
It usually stays in one place for the rest of its life .
He usually stays in one place the rest of its life .
Gracile australopithecines shared several traits with modern apes and humans .
The earliest evidence for this species was found at a site of Laetoli in Tanzania .
These footprints found are similar to those of modern humans .
The earliest evidence of fundamentally bipedal hominids can be observed at the site of Laetoli in Tanzania .
India suffers from quite a fair bit of poverty .
India suffers from substantial poverty .
Many people think that he might have become as important as Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Friedrich Schiller .
But he was mainly interested in science and when he went to university he studied medicine in Strasbourg .
But he was mainly interested in science and when he went to univeraty he studied medicine in Strasbourg .
Many people think that he might have become as important as Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Friedrich Schiller if he had lived longer .
Many people think that he might have become as important as Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Friedrich Schiller .
Usually they form an image shaped like a rectangle .
Vector graphic images are rasterised that way .
Many printers today use computer languages like Postscript or PCL .
This is done by a part called a Raster Image Processor .
Most modern printers have those processors inside the printer .
Some printers use a special piece of software on the computer to do that job .
Usually they form a rectangle .
Many printers today use languages like Postscript or PCL .
This is done by a component called Raster Image Processor .
Most modern printers have raster image processors in the printer .
Some printer use a special piece of software on the computer to do the rasterising .
Almagro was executed in the plaza of Cuzco and Pizarro was again sole ruler .
Almagro were executed in the plaza of Cuzco and Pizarro was again sole ruler .
In the United Kingdom the game is played by marking a card .
In the UK all money used to buy the bingo ticket must be given back in prize money .
In the United States the game is played by a group of people .
A ball hit over the bar is worth one point .
A ball that is hit under the bar is worth 3 points which is called a goal .
A net extending in back of the goal is attached to the crossbar and lower goal posts .
A buttress is an building structure standing against a wall giving it more support .
A buttress is an architectural structure built against a wall which helps to support or reinforce the wall .
A buttress is an building structure standing against a wall giving it more support .
The tornadoes were strong .
They killed two people and caused high damage .
The external appearance of the horseshoe crab has remained relatively unchanged over the last 360 million years .
The external appearance of the horseshoe crab has remained relatively unchanged over the last 360 million years ago .
Where Are They ?
Horseshoe crabs will go through a lot of to reach that great size .
The external appearance of the horseshoe crab has remained relatively unchanged over the last 360 million years .
Hurricanes are poopies tropical storms and hurricanes form between June 1 and November 30 .
Most Atlantic tropical storms and hurricanes form between June 1 and November 30 .
Vertebrate paleontology .
Vertebrate paleontology and evolution .
It was registered in Liberia .
The ship was sold several times .
It had bought the Explorer in 2004 .
Ownership of the ship changed several times since being built .
The bomb was hidden in a hand held radio in the rear cargo hold .
It had been transferred onto the flight from a connecting flight from Amsterdam .
They are castrated so that the animal can be calmer or to put on weight more quickly .
A Bullock is a castrated bull .
They are castrated in order that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
Sion is the capital of the Swiss canton of Valais .
Sion really started to develop during the time when Celts were big .
It takes its name from the Latin word Sedunum .
It housed the Romans with the rest of the surrounding area in the first century BCE .
The tertiary sector is the main economic sector in Sion .
The heat created from the burning is converted into electrical energy that is then provided to local communes .
FC Sion is the local football side .
They currently compete in the Swiss Super League .
Sion was occupied during the Neolithic era but it seems to have started to really develop during the Celtic times .
It was occupied by the Romans with the rest of the surrounding area in the first century BCE .
The municipal council is the executive power in the commune .
Who protect the rights of the original inhabitants against new inhabitants .
The secondary sector is also represented .
Finally the commune hosts a waste incinerator which disposes of the waste from 44 surrounding communes .
This incinerator is equipped with a catalytic converter which lowers the levels of NOx emissions below acceptable levels .
The ancient part of the city is well conserved .
The ancient part of the city is particularly well conserved .
Sion is the economic and commercial hub of the region and canton .
The older area of the city still stays and is well preserved .
The ancient part of the city is well conserved .
This city counts as one of the three official bilingual towns in Switzerland .
Sierre is the capital of the district of Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Brig is the capital of the district of Brig in the canton of in Switzerland .
Its older houses look very Italian .
Its medieval name was Briga dives .
The wealth of Brig is because of the Simplon Pass .
Its medieval name was Briga dives .
These vary from narrow and remote to reasonably populous and popular .
Near Visp there is a large plant that makes aluminum .
Near Visp there is a large plant of aluminium manufacturing .
Both are large and benefit from tourism .
Both networks are large and benefit from tourism .
Cars may be loaded onto the trains as freight .
The canton of Valais is in the south of Switzerland .
There are many side valleys off the main valley .
The main valley lies between the Bernese Alps in the north and the Pennine Alps in the south .
The canton of Valais is located in the south of Switzerland .
There are many side valleys which branch off the main valley .
The main valley is bound by the Bernese Alps in the north and the Pennine Alps in the south .
In 888 Valais became a part of the kingdom of Jurane Burgundy .
The Romans left many ruins .
The Romans left many archaeological remains .
It is 495 meters high .
It lies at an elevation of 475 meters .
Zermatt is a municipality in the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Zermatt is a famed ski resort and is a tourist destination .
Any automobile that uses an engine is not allowed in Zermatt because of concerns for air pollution .
The Cantonal police allow some people to park in the northern section of this city .
Most people reach Zermatt by train or cable car .
Trains also leave for Zermatt from Visp and Brig .
Zermatt is famed as a ski resort and as a tourist destination .
The Cantonal police can issue a permit which allows residents to drive and park at the northern outskirts .
Crow is the common name for birds in the Corvidae family .
They are all passerines .
There are over 120 species in this family .
Crows are found on every continent except for the southern area of South America and Antarctica .
Jays are often blue and white .
Crows are some of the most intelligent birds in the world .
Magpies can see themselves in a mirror and they understand that it is a reflection .
Many crows live near to humans in towns and cities .
They are more shy than the crows that live in cities .
This means they travel to different places in summer or winter .
Most crows are resident birds .
This means they live in the same place all year round .
Many crows live in large groups .
This is called a rookery .
Crows in big groups are often noisy .
Crows eat lots of different types of food .
This is when the parents and other birds will try to chase off the crow to stop it from eating the babies .
Farmers do not want this to happen so they make a scarecrow .
This is a object made of straw and old clothes .
It looks like a man and it scare the crows away .
Crows make their nests in tall trees .
They make the nest from large sticks .
Both parents will look after the baby crows .
Crow are birds common name for about 27 large passerine birds of the genus which also includes the ravens and jackdaws .
Crows are found on every continent except South America and Antarctica .
The three to eight eggs are deeply colored and are incubated by the female .
The young are cared for by both parents .
The word crow is also used to describe birds in the genus Corvus .
It has a chemical business named LONZA AG .
There are also several smaller businesses .
Its chemical industry is named LONZA AG .
There are smaller businesses .
Visp is the capital of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Visp is the capital city of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Visp is the capital of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Sembrancher is the capital of the district of Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
There is a way to get from Sembrancher to the Verbier ski resort and back if you are interested in skiing .
Sembrancher is a municipality in the district of Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
The area of the canton is 991 km and is usually divided into three hilly areas .
One of these is along Lake Constance in the north .
Another is further inland between the rivers Thur and Murg .
To the north the canton is bound by the Lake Constance across which lies Germany and Austria .
The area of the canton is 991 km and commonly divided into three hill masses .
One of these stretches along Lake Constance in the north .
Another is further inland between the river Thur and the river Murg .
Thurgau is a northeast canton of Switzerland .
The river Rhine makes the border in the northwest .
One of these is along Lake Constance to the north .
Another is inland between the rivers Thur and Murg .
The many orchards in the canton are used for the making of cider .
Most of the population are Protestants with the rest being Roman Catholics .
The river Rhine creates the border in the northwest .
One of these is along Lake Constance in the north .
Another is further inland between the rivers Thur and Murg .
The canton of Thurgau is known for its fine agricultural produce .
The many orchards in the canton are mainly used for the production of cider .
About two thirds of the population are Protestants with most of the remainder being Roman Catholics .
The name means Gray Union in German .
Only one third of this land is used for farming .
The canton has many mountains that make up the highlands of the Rhine and Inn river valleys .
The mountain ranges in the central area contain many of the deepest vallies in Switzerland .
Agriculture and tourism make up most of the canton 's economy .
There are a great number of other resorts people visiting the country can go to in the canton .
Chur is also the center of industry .
Only about a third of this is commonly regarded as productive land .
Forests cover about a fifth of the total area .
Agriculture and tourism are the pillars of the canton 's economy .
Chur is also an industrial center .
Romansh has been recognized as one of four national languages by the Swiss Federal Constitution since 1938 .
Romansh has an official language at a cantonal level .
Municipalities in turn are free to specify their own official languages .
Most of the lands of the canton were once part of a Roman province called Raetia that was established in 15 BC .
In 1367 the League of God 's House was founded to resist the rising power of the Bishop of Chur .
This was caused by the gaining of the extinct Toggenburg dynasty possessions by the Habsburgs in 1496 .
Most of the lands of the canton were once part of a Roman province called Raetia which was established in 15 BC .
In 1471 the two leagues allied with the Grey League .
This was caused by the inheritance of the extinct Toggenburg dynasty possessions by the Habsburgs in 1496 .
Nidwalden is a canton of Switzerland .
To the north lies the Lake Lucerne .
Mountain ranges block in the rest of the canton on the other sides .
The government is composed of seven members .
Traditional areas such as forestry and agriculture are still important .
Most farming is done with cattle and diary products .
Family farms are still common in Nidwalden today .
The lake and mountains attract many tourists around the year .
Many local charities have kept local traditions intact .
Up to the 20th century Nidwalden was dominated by agriculture .
Around 1500 many people in Nidwalden worked as mercenary soldiers .
Traditional areas such as forestry and agriculture are still of importance .
Agriculture is specialized in cattle and diary farming .
The farms are still run by individual families .
Traditional culture in Nidwalden has been kept alive by many local organizations .
The autonomy of the municipalities in Obwalden is significant .
It uses information from radio play and sales to say the most popular song each week .
It uses information from radio airplay and sales to say the most popular song each week .
Kesha has the number one song on the Hot 100 right now with her song Tik Tok .
The Black Eyed Peas have the number one song on the Hot 100 right now with their song I Gotta Feeling .
It is the capital of the Leuk district of the Valais .
Raron is a municipality and capital city of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Raron is a municipality in the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
The poet Rainer Maria Rilke is buried in the cemetery of the old church there .
A Coaxial cable is a special electrical cable .
It is used to transmit signals .
The cable is specially insulated .
This makes it quite stiff .
Such cables are usually made of a conducting wire .
Coaxial cables may be rigid or flexible .
The dielectric may be solid or perforated with air spaces .
Connections to the ends of coaxial cables are usually made with RF connectors .
Open wire transmission lines have the property that the electromagnetic wave propagating down the line extends into the space surrounding the parallel wires .
The transmission of energy in the line occurs totally through the dielectric inside the cable between the conductors .
The outer diameter is roughly inversely proportional to the cutoff frequency .
Litz wire is used between 1 kHz and 1 MHz to reduce ohmic losses .
It is further increased by impurities like water .
In typical applications the loss in polyethylene is comparable to the ohmic loss at 1 GHz and the loss in PTFE is comparable to ohmic losses at 10 GHz .
Stars or spokes are even better but more expensive .
The center conductor was suspended by polyethylene discs every few centimeters .
Ohmic losses are minimized by a jump in conductivity between the dielectric and the conductor which is sharper then the skin depth .
A rough surface prolongs the path for the current and concentrates the current at peaks and thus increases ohmic losses .
The connector usually has the same impedance as the related cable and probably has a similar cutoff frequency although its dielectric may be different .
Leakage is the passage of electromagnetic fields through the shield of the cable .
The transformer effect is sometimes used to mitigate the effect of currents induced in the shield .
Many sender and receivers have means to reduce the leakage even further .
They increase the transformer effect by passing the whole cable through a ferrite core sometimes several times .
Some senders and receivers use only a limited range of frequencies and block all others by means of an isolating transformer .
Such a transformer breaks the shield for high frequencies .
Still others avoid the transformer effect altogether by using two capacitors .
This problem can be lessened by adding parallel cables to increase the total conductance .
These designations are now obsolete .
RF transmission lines and fittings .
A question that is often asked is what the significance of a 52 or 75 characteristic impedance is .
It is almost always used in the connection between a transmitter on the ground and the antenna or aerial on the tower .
Plain or house wire is designed for indoor or external house wiring .
Flooded cable is infused with heavy waterproofing for use in underground conduit .
Messenger contains some waterproofing but is distinguished by the addition of a steel messenger wire along its length to carry the tension involved in an aerial drop from a utility pole .
It allows a nearly perfect differential signal which is both shielded and balanced to pass through .
This most often occurs at improperly installed end connectors and splices .
The Seven Lucky Gods refer to the seven gods of good fortune in Japanese mythology and folklore .
Children often receive red envelopes bearing the Takarabune which contain gifts of money around the New Year .
Children often receive red envelopes emblazoned with the Takarabune which contain gifts of money around the New Year .
The students said that the pictures should cause dialogue and a better understanding between Muslims and Christians .
Many people were against the picture made by the students and said that the government should not finance any more the student newspaper .
The Catholic leader said that the Jesus with erection was one of the worst attacks on Christianity he had ever seen .
The students said that the pictures should cause dialogue and a better understanding between muslims and christians .
But many people were against the picture made by the students and said that the government should not finance any more the student newspaper .
The catholic leader said that the Jesus with erection was one of the worst attacks on Christianity he had ever seen .
Jesus with erection is a picture made by students at the University of Oregon .
Jesus with erection is a picture made and students at the University of Oregon .
This is a story about a kid named Keith who lives in London and his parents who own a fish and chip shop .
In this story about a kid named Keith who lives in London and his parents own a fish and chips shop .
The book did n't sell very well .
The book did n't sell good .
They live in nests are called holts .
They have a thick fur coat that keeps them warm even in freezing water .
They can die of hunger more quickly than most animals .
Their nests are called holts .
They will die if they can not find enough food after a while .
Otters are long and slim animals with four short legs that can be longer than a meter .
Otters are long and slim animals with four short legs that can be longer then a meter .
Asynchronous Transfer Mode is a set of protocols used for computer networks .
Asynchronous Transfer Mode is a set of protocol used for computer networks .
Albatrosses are very large .
This bill is made of horny plates .
Along the sides are the two tubes .
They are actually long nostrils .
They help the albatrosses develop their sense of smell a lot .
Scientists are not sure how it works exactly .
It makes a liquid that makes the saltwater drip out of their nose .
The albatrosses are very large .
These tubes help the albatrosses to develop their sense of smell a lot .
It forms a liquid that makes the saltwater drip out of their nose .
They try to find out about the way albatrosses go across the ocean to find food with the satellites .
There is proof that the sea separates different kinds of species of the Albatross .
There is also proof of different pathways for the two sexes of the same kind of species .
A study of Tristan Albatrosses living on the Gough Island showed that males look for food on the west and the females go around the east .
There is evidence that the sea separates different kinds of species of the Albatross .
Albatrosses are large seabirds which belong to the biological family Diomedeidae .
They live in the region of the Southern Ocean and the North Pacific Ocean .
They are in the Southern Ocean and the North Pacific Ocean .
They are very good at flying .
It is in the constellation of Centaurus .
Innes also suggested the name Proxima Centauri for the star .
Red dwarfs are usually far too faint to be seen with the naked eye .
It is naturally found in South Africa .
It is endemic to South Africa .
Its natural habitat is mild grassland .
Its natural habitat is temperate grassland .
Ways of composing that were used later in the century such as very chromatic music and Minimalism had already been started in Satie 's music .
His father had married again .
Ways of composing that were used later in the century such as very chromatic music and Minimalism had already been suggested by Satie .
His father had remarried .
The Dryopteridaceae is a family of ferns that can be found almost anywhere on the world .
The Dryopteridaceae is a family of ferns with a cosmopolitan distribution .
In 1959 he from Askanaz Mravyan school and in 1960 he was admitted into Physics Department of Moscow State University .
After graduation he worked in many spheres in national economy of USSR .
Asian elephants are different from African elephants .
The Pokedex is a tool used by Pokemon trainers all around the Pokemon world in different regions .
The Pokedex makes records of infomation about each of the different Pokemon .
There are 493 different species of Pokemon recorded in the world today .
The pokedex is a simple tool used by pokemon trainers all around the pokemon world in different regions .
The pokedex stores different infomation about different pokemon .
Currently there are well over 400 different types of pokemon .
Different pokemon are caught in different regions and some pokemon can only be caught those regions .
She was a sketch artist and drew portraits of many famous people .
She was a scetch artist and drawed portratis of a many famous people .
The University is one of the oldest colleges of technology in Germany .
The TU Dresden offers a broad range of courses and research .
Only one quarter of the students from Saxony come from outside the Dresden and its suburbs .
But the language spoken during lessons is nearly always German .
This makes it one of the oldest colleges of technology in Germany .
The Dresden University of Technology is organized into 14 departments .
The university offers a broad range of courses and research .
TU Dresden is a campus university in most aspects .
The university is also quite popular among Central and East European countries such as the neighboring Czech Republic or Ukraine .
The language spoken during lessons is nearly always German .
The small amount of water inside the seeds causes pressure inside the seeds when hot .
The small amount of water inside the seeds causes pressure inside the seeds when quickly heated .
Porn is a snood .
Porn seeds are exploded by hang .
The small ant of war inside the seeds cases pure inside the sot .
When the seed shell breaks a shop is base of this nose .
Sutter is usually added to porn .
Somtimes cay is meed and mid into the porn .
Popcorn is a snack food .
Popcorn seeds are exploded by heating .
The small amount of water inside the seeds causes pressure inside the seeds when hot .
When the seed shell breaks a sharp noise is made .
The name pop is because of this noise .
Salt and hot butter is usually added to popcorn .
Somtimes candy is melted and mixed into the popcorn .
After it pops it is white and fluffy .
He was made as a partner for Wario in Mario Tennis and other Mario sports games and has no real story behind him .
He can jump super high and step on people .
Brawl as an Assist Trophy .
Waluigi is the evil version of Luigi who is tall and thin and wears purple .
He was made as a partner for Wario in Mario Tennis and has no real story behind him .
He can jump super high .
He married Maria Elizabeth von Colomb in 1766 .
He married Maria Elizabeth von Colomb in 1766 and had by her two sons .
The younger son was Alexander .
Street children may spend a lot of time in the streets but usually sleep at home .
The crime was blamed on the monks for having supported the enemy .
People already lived in the Kreuzlingen area during the Bronze Age .
This brought commerce and industry to the area .
Most of its profits went to German firms .
The clinic was very modern and stayed in the control of the Binswanger family for nearly 120 years .
The area was already settled during the Bronze Age .
Celtic and Roman coins and artifacts testify of continued settlement .
This brought commerce and industry to the region .
Most of its industry was in the hands of German firms .
The clinic was very modern and remained in the control of the Binswanger family for nearly 120 years .
The depiction of this priest is a very important part of the book .
Most critics do not think it is as good as La Regenta .
The only parts of them that exist are an outline and a few fragments of two of the novels .
Leopoldo Alas remains a rather unknown figure in the Spanish literary world .
He searched for God and was Humanist at the same time .
This strange joining has led to there being different views on the meaning of his writings .
La Regenta in particular has many different views on what it could mean .
The depiction of this priest is a key part of the book .
July 242007 .
December 122003 .
Accessed July 242007 .
May 182004 .
Accessed July 252007 .
On January 82007 Dennis Kucinich unveiled his comprehensive exit plan to bring the troops home and stabilize Iraq .
November 162006 .
May 42007 .
The dam was built during the 1930s as a WPA project to give a major source of hydroelectric power for the state .
It was the tribe to which the Islamic Prophet Muhammad belonged and which led the opposition to his message .
The Sunni think the caliph must be from the Quraysh tribe .
Benjamin Walker .
It was both the tribe to which the Islamic Prophet Muhammad belonged and as well as the tribe that led the initial opposition to his message .
The land of the canton helped to make slate works in the 1600s .
The geography of the canton helped to establish slate works in the 1600s .
Glarus could mean different places .
Glarus can refer to differernt places .
A dive bomber is a bomber aircraft that towards the ground so it can get very close to its .
This means it is more likely to hit them .
The most primitive composite materials were straw and mud in the form of bricks for building construction .
The most primitive composite materials comprised straw and mud in the form of bricks for building construction .
Today we use shower stalls and bath tubs made of fiberglass .
A fiber or fiberFibre is the preferred spelling in the United Kingdom and other Commonwealth countries .
There are a lot of human uses for fibers .
Fibres are often used in making other materials .
There is a lot of human uses for fibers .
Fibres are often used in the manufacture of other materials .
Surveying has existed throughout much of our history .
Surveying techniques have existed throughout much of recorded history .
The name Minutes to Midnight comes from the Doomsday Clock .
The name Minutes to Midnight is come from the .
Volvo is a Swedish car and truck maker founded in 1927 .
Ford took over the Volvo making of cars in 1998 .
Volvo is a Swedish car and truck manufacturer found in 1927 .
Ford took over Volvo cars in 1998 .
Opacity or opaque means something that is difficult to see through or perceive .
Opacity or opaque refers to something difficult to see through or perceive .
The series tells the story of Xena 's quest to seek for her past sins as a ruthless warlord .
She uses her fighting skills to help people .
The series usually had between four and four million viewers on original airings .
The series has positive reviews from many reviewers .
The series tells the story of Xena 's quest to seek for her past sins as a ruthless warlord by using her fighting skills to help people .
The series usually reached between four and four million viewers on original airings .
In early 2007 investigators started to look into Spaliviero 's business and soon found two witnesses who said they had information about the man 's drug dealing business .
On December 21 she pleaded guilty again but in another court in Sydney .
The application for bail was later denied and Charlotte was remanded in custody .
The bail was later denied and Charlotte was remanded in custody .
The two models kept in contact after graduation .
The application for bail was later denied and Charlotte was remanded in custody .
However Australian authorities did not approve her request .
He was born in a small Wyomingtown in 1923 .
He was born in a small Wyoming town in 1923 .
Licinius went with his close friend the Emperor Galerius on the Persian expedition in 297 .
The Hellespont and the Bosporus were the dividing line .
Constantine won at Cibalae in Pannonia and again 2 years later in Thrace .
But in 324 Constantine attacked him again and Licinius had to give up .
In 325 Constantine accused him of starting a with the barbarians and had him killed .
Licinius accompanied his close friend the Emperor Galerius on the Persian expedition in 297 .
But in 324 Constantine attacked him again an Licinius had to give up .
This means that Aarau has more jobs than inhabitants .
The small scale of Aarau causes it to continually expand the borders of its growth .
The idea of merging Aarau with its neighboring suburbs has been recently discussed in hopes of stopping the slowly progressing losses .
Every Saturday morning there is a vegetable market in the Graben at the edge of the Old City .
It is supplied with regional products .
The Aarau fair is held at the ice skating rink during the Spring .
The old city of Aarau lies on a rocky cliff where the Aar river valley narrows at the southern foot of the Jura mountains .
Newer parts of the city can be found further south of the river valley .
Aarau and the other municipalities have merged together over the years .
Aarau and the nearby neighboring municipalities have grown together and now form an interconnected agglomeration .
Most of the people in the municipality speak German .
To the west of Aarau is the canton of Solothurn .
Columbia University .
The municipality borders directly on the Canton of Solothurn to the west .
Henry Shackleton was a survivalist and had aboned the farm before it was too late .
Henry Shackleton was a survivalist and had aboned the farm befor it was too late .
When he was 33 years old he left his farm to go to Trinity College in Dublin to start a new career in medicine .
When he was 33 years old he left his farm to go to Trinity collage in Dublin to start a new career in medicine .
When he was 33 years old he left his farm to go to Trinity College in Dublin to start a new career in medicine .
A radiogenic nuclide is a nuclide that is made by radioactive decay .
A radiogenic nuclide is one that is created by a process of radioactive decay .
Charles had to flee to Turkey .
He tried to compensate for the lost territories by a war against Norway .
During the battle he was shot in the head and died in 1718 .
The wars of Charles XII made Sweden weaker .
The wars of Charles XII made Sweden weaker and the land lost a lot of prestige .
In 1924 Busoni died .
In 1924 he met the singer and actress Lotte Lenya .
In Berlin Weill taught composition to several young composers .
In 1935 Weill went to America with his wife Lotte Lenya .
A French press has a round jug .
This jug can be glass or clear plastic .
The jug has a lid and a plunger .
The plunger fits in the jug very well .
This puts the coffee at the bottom of the jug .
The French press has different names around the world .
These usually are trapped in a traditional drip brew machine 's paper filters .
It also has more sediment .
This is because the grounds still act on the water .
Anything other than a coarse grind will seep through the press filter and into the coffee .
A French press can also be used instead of a tea infuser to brew loose tea .
TheFrench press is also more portable and self contained than other coffee makers .
Travel mug versions also exist .
The French press goes by various names around the world .
A French press can also be used in place of a tea infuser to brew loose tea .
A French press is also more portable and self contained than other coffee makers .
Coffee for use in a French press should be ground coarsely .
The use of a burr mill grinder gives a better grind than the whirling blade variety .
Anything other than a coarse grind will go through the press filter and into the coffee .
The French press is also more portable than other coffee makers .
Special versions for travellers also exist .
They are made of tough plastic instead of glass .
They also have a sealed lid with a closable drinking hole .
Some versions are marketed to hikers and backpackers .
These people often do not want to carry a heavy metal percolator or a filter using drip brew .
The use of a burr mill grinder gives a more consistent grind than the whirling blade variety .
Anything other than a coarse grind will seep through the press filter and into the coffee .
TheFrench press is also more portable and self contained than other coffee makers .
Travel mug versions also exist .
Some versions are marketed to hikers and backpackers not wishing to carry a heavy metal percolator or a filter using drip brew .
This means that he can stop laws or bills from being passed .
Zwischbergen is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Zwischbergen is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Year 1447 was a common year starting on Sunday .
This department was closed in 1949 and Grant left Disney .
In 1933 he was hired by Disney for the Mickey Mouse short movie Mickey 's Gala Premiere .
This department was closed in 1949 and Grant leaved Disney at this year .
In 2005 his animation short movie Lorenzo was nominated for an Academy Award .
Colours are sometimes added to food .
Colors are sometimes added to food .
The inner moons of Jupiter are four small moons that orbit close to Jupiter .
The inner satellites of Jupiter are four small moons that orbit close to Jupiter .
These moons are closely interconnected with Jupiter 's rings and serve as both sources and sinks of the ring 's material .
These satellites are closely interconnected with Jupiter 's rings and serve as both sources and sinks of the ring 's material .
The Galilean moons are the four moons of Jupiter found by Galileo Galilei .
The Galilean moons are the four moons of Jupiter discovered by Galileo Galilei .
They are by far the biggest of the many moons of Jupiter .
They are by far the largest of the many moons of Jupiter .
Galileo Galilei found what came to be known as the Galilean moons around December 1609 or January 1610 .
Galileo Galilei discovered what came to be known as the Galilean moons around December 1609 or January 1610 .
He continued to look at these celestial orbs from January 8 through March 2 .
He continued to observe these celestial orbs from January 8 through March 2 .
Galileo 's discovery proved the importance of the telescope as a tool for astronomers by showing that there were objects in space to be found that until then had remained unseen by the naked eye .
Galileo 's discovery proved the importance of the telescope as a tool for astronomers by showing that there were objects in space to be discovered that until then had remained unseen by the naked eye .
The Himalia group is a group of prograde irregular satellites of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Himalia and are thought to have a common origin .
Cooperation was somewhat limited by national differences and rivalries between different radio companies .
Question on how to do things were beyond the scope of the 1903 Conference .
The German government issued a set of national radio regulations .
The signal was sent by shore stations to tell other local stations to stop transmitting .
The signal was used by ships to get the attention of shore stations .
The string has no other meaning .
It was also selected because it is easy to recognize and can be sent rapidly .
CQ is the radio code for calling anyone used in casual circumstances .
Additional warning and distress signals were introduced after SOS .
Additional warning and distress signals followed the introduction of SOS .
It should be written SOS .
The Ananke group is a group of retrograde irregular satellites of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Ananke and are thought to have a common origin .
The Ananke group is believed to have been formed when an asteroid was captured by Jupiter and broken apart by a collision .
The Ananke group is believed to have been formed when an asteroid was captured by Jupiter and subsequently fragmented by a collision .
The Carme group is a group of retrograde irregular satellites of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Carme and are thought to have a common origin .
Neunforn is a municipality of the district Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Neunforn is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Charges brought against the couple resulted in imprisonment and the confiscation and destruction of books and the pressing of heavy fines .
Gharials live in rivers .
They are best adapted to the calmer areas in deep fast moving rivers .
Their physical attributes do not make the animals very suited to walk on land .
In fact the only reasons the gharial leaves the water is to either bask in the sun or to nest on the sandbanks of the rivers .
The physical attributes of the gharial do not make it very suited for moving about on land .
In fact the only reasons the gharial leaves the water is either to bask in the sun or to nest on the sandbanks of the rivers .
It looks like resembling a crocodile with a very thin and long snout .
This snout resembles that of the gharial .
That is where the name of the species is from .
The young hatch after 90 days and are left to fight for themselves .
The young hatch after 90 days and are left to fend for themselves .
It looks like a crocodile with a very thin and long snout .
It looks like resembling a crocodile with a very thin and long snout .
The aperture of a photographic lens can be is a hole that can be adjusted to different sizes .
This lets the photographer control the amount of light reaching the film or image sensor .
The aperture is changed along with the shutter speed to control the amount of light that enters the camera .
This amount of light is called the exposure .
A slow shutter speed will need a smaller aperture to stop the picture coming out too bright .
The aperture stop of a photographic lens can be adjusted to control the amount of light reaching the film or image sensor .
He was chiefly known for his realistic portrayal of rural life in a part of southern Maharashtra called Maandesh in the 15 to 20 years before and after India 's Independence .
The job took him to various villages and small towns of Maandesh .
Vyankatesh Madgulkar first tried to pursue a career in art and went to the city of Kolhapur to formally learn painting .
Vyankatesh Madgulkar passed away in August 2001 at the age of 73 .
He was chiefly known for his unsentimental depiction of rural life in a part of southern Maharashtra called Maandesh in the 15 to 20 years before and after Independence .
The job took him to various villages and small taluka towns of Maandesh .
Vyankatesh Madgulkar first tried to pursue a career in art and went to Kolhapur to formally learn painting .
Two years later he moved to Mumbai to write for Marathi films .
In 1955 he took up a job in the rural programming department of the All India Radio station in Pune .
These writings about Maandesh are set in a period of 15 to 20 years before and after India 's Independence .
Vyankatesh Madgulkar was a man of many interests .
He also read a lot of books on different subjects .
The Madgulkar family had probably come from the neighbouring state of Karnataka a few centuries back .
The family owned some land .
Vyankatesh Madgulkar 's grandfather and the earlier generations had lived off the land .
The family was large .
Some of his teachers told him he had no future .
For two years he was considered a criminal by the the British government .
GaDiMa 's success might have helped Vyankatesh Madgulkar to also think of becoming an artist .
He first wanted to be a poet .
Vyankatesh Madgulkar first tried to become a painter .
He went to the city of Kolhapur in western Maharashtra to learn painting .
He wrote his first short story when he was 19 years old .
This encouraged him to become a writer .
He worked here till he retired in 1985 .
Vyankatesh Madgulkar wrote in many different ways .
He wrote nearly 40 screenplays for films .
He wrote several folk plays .
He wrote 8 novellas and over 200 short stories .
Maandeshi Manse is about different kinds of people Vyankatesh Madgulkar had met during his childhood in Maandesh .
The descriptions of these people are realistic .
Vyankatesh Madgulkar mixed the real world with his own imagination in the same way in all his Maandeshi stories .
He also did not change his style of writing .
That style is generally of a person telling a story to people sitting in front of him .
Many of the stories told in this way are about poor people .
Some stories are about things that had happened during Vyankatesh Madgulkar 's childhood .
Some stories are about family members .
Only a few stories have a plot .
Most stories have one central character .
But a few stories are about happenings rather than on people .
It is about the experiences of a young schoolteacher in a village of shepherds in Maandesh .
The school again has no no students .
Bangarwardi was translated in several languages .
The great German scholar on India Gunther Sontheimer translated it in German .
Bookstores in Pune and other Maharashtra cities still sell the original book in Marathi .
It has been reprinted over 15 times .
He was chiefly known for his realistic portrayal of rural life in a part of southern Maharashtra called Maandesh in the 15 to 20 years before and after India 's Independence .
The family owned some land and Vyankatesh Madgulkar 's grandfather and the earlier generations had lived off it .
Some of his teachers declared he had no future .
For two years he was an absconding criminal in the eyes of the British government .
His first desire was to be a poet .
Vyankatesh Madgulkar first tried to pursue a career in art and went to the city of Kolhapur to formally learn painting .
He wrote his first story when he was 19 .
He was on his way to become a writer .
Vyankatesh Madgulkar 's writing covers an enormous range .
He wrote nearly 40 screenplays and several folk plays .
There is an element of fiction and the portrayals are written like stories .
Vyankatesh Madgulkar stuck to this mixture of fiction based closely on fact in all his Maandeshi stories .
Many stories are about poor people on the fringes of village life .
Some stories are about childhood experiences .
Some are about family members .
Most stories begin with a description of the time of the day or place .
Bookstores in Pune and other Maharashtra cities still sell the original which has been reprinted over 15 times .
However Irish is protected in Northern Ireland because it is not an official or national language of the United Kingdom .
There are two levels of protection .
Evrery country which has signed the treaty must give all qualifying languages the lower level of protection .
Countries can also decide to give some languages the higher level of protection .
The higher level is a list of things countries should do .
A country giving higher protection must do at least 35 of these things .
The charter provides a large number of different actions state parties can take to protect and promote historical regional and minority languages .
The earliest kinds of hydrangea came from southern and eastern Asia .
The color of the flowers can tell you how much acid is in the soil the plant is growing in .
For example alkaline ones produce pink colored flowers .
Lancaster is the capital of Lancashire and gave its name to the County of Lancashire .
These names derive from the emblems of the Royal Dukedoms of Lancaster and York in the 15th century .
This erupted into a civil war over rival claims to the throne during the Wars of the Roses .
It is also applied to the Roses Tournament that Lancaster and York University compete in every year .
Input is anything that goes in and output is any thing that goes out .
Any device for the computer that the computer can work without is peripheral equipment .
Peripheral equipment is nessecary for people to interact with a computer system .
An example of an output device is computer speakers .
Computer speakers are plugged in to a device controller called an audio device .
The device is connected to the rest of the system inside .
An example of an input device is a computer mouse and it is connected in a same way as an output device .
One peripheral device can be connected to many systems .
Sometimes extra memory devices such as a second hard disk can be called peripheral equipment .
An output device is anything used for displaying information from the computer or making sound from the computer .
Input and output devices allow the computer system to interact with the outside world by moving data into and out of the system .
They are directly connected to an electronic module inside the systems unit called a device controller .
In some cases it may be shared among several users .
Peripheral equipment is used for these purposes .
An output device is anything that can display information .
This institution continued his darling project up to the latest hours of his life .
Displeased with Godoy 's policy and conduct Jovellanos combined with his colleague Saavedra to procure his dismissal .
When he was involved in the fall of the party he was sent back to Gijon .
One of his twelve disciple became the leader .
His name was Simon Peter and he was a fisherman from Galilee .
Peter became one of the most important people in the beginning of the Christian Church .
At the place where Peter was killed there is a little round temple called the Tempietto designed by the architect Bramante .
A tomb was found below the altar of the basilica .
The University garden campus is called as the Yunnan Garden campus .
It is some 25km from the city center .
The campus buildings are built from a master plan drawn by architect Kenzo Tange .
Staff and students can live in good dorms and residential halls within the NTU Campus .
It is some 25 km from the city center .
The campus buildings are built by a master plan drawn by architect Kenzo Tange .
Staff and students can live in good quarters and residential halls within the NTU Campus .
Hubble space telescope imagesHubble Space Telescope observations and lightcurve analyses are in agreement that Metis has an irregular elongated shape with one pointed and one broad end .
Light curve data on Metis led to an assumption that it could have a moon .
Light curve data on Metis led to an assumption that it could have a satellite .
Metis has been seen to occult stars no less than 5 times .
Metis has been observed to occult stars no less than 5 times .
Joinville was a close friend of the kings .
He died by canonization in 1297 by Pope Boniface VIII .
Site about The Saintonge War between Louis IX of France and Henry III of England .
Account of the first Crusade of Saint Louis from the perspective of the Arabs .
He was the son of King Louis VIII and Blanche of Castile .
The horrific fate of that dynasty in Sicily as a result of the Sicilian Vespers evidently did not tarnish Louis 's credentials for sainthood .
No date is given for the beginning of Louis 's personal rule .
She continued as an important counselor to the king until her death in 1252 .
Louis 's kindness towards the poor was much celebrated .
Raymond VI had been suspected of murdering a preacher on a mission to convert the Cathars .
Louis 's piety and kindness towards the poor was much celebrated .
But the march from Damietta towards Cairo through the Nile River Delta went slowly .
Louis used his wealth to assist the crusaders in rebuilding their defenses and conducting diplomacy with the Islamic powers of Syria and Egypt .
The historic presence of this French garrison in the Middle East was later used as a justification for the French Mandate following the end of the First World War .
Louis exchanged multiple letters and emissaries with Mongol rulers of the period .
It is thought that the French monarchy was trying to establish the kingdom of France as the new Jerusalem .
The king of France was regarded as a primus inter pares among the kings and rulers of the continent .
The prestige and respect felt in Europe for King Louis IX was due more to the attraction that his benevolent personality created rather than to military domination .
The perception of Louis IX as the exemplary Christian prince was reinforced by his religious zeal .
This purchase should be understood in the context of the extreme religious fervor that existed in Europe in the 13th century .
Contemporaries would not have understood if the king of France did not lead a crusade to the Holy Land .
In order to finance his first crusade Louis ordered the expulsion of all Jews engaged in usury .
This action enabled Louis to confiscate the property of expelled Jews for use in his crusade .
The area most affected by this expansion was southern France where the Cathar heresy had been strongest .
He could have died of either bubonic plague or dysentry .
Louis was traditionally believed to have died from bubonic plague but is thought by modern scholars to be dysentery .
Louis IX is often considered the model of the ideal Christian monarch .
The Congregation of the Sisters of Saint Louis is a Roman Catholic religious order founded in 1842 and named in his honor .
The Saint Louis Cathedral in New Orleans is named after him .
Sidi Bou Said in Tunisia is said to have been named for this very Catholic French king .
He may have died either of bubonic plague or dysentry .
Joinville was a close friend of the kings .
He could have died of either bubonic plague or dysentry .
Its dark surface and bigger than average distance from the Sun makes it very dim for such a big asteroid when seen from Earth .
Its dark surface and larger than average distance from the Sun makes it very dim for such a large asteroid when observed from Earth .
Hygiea 's surface is made of primitive carbonaceous material similar to the chondrite meteorites .
Hygiea 's surface is composed of primitive carbonaceous material similar to the chondrite meteorites .
Generally Hygiea 's properties are the least known out of the big four objects in the main belt .
Generally Hygiea 's properties are the most poorly known out of the big four objects in the main belt .
The island is not hit by hurricanes very often .
The island lies outside the hurricane belt .
She is a member of Hello !
She belong to Hello !
The 2002 Formula One season was the 53rd edition of the championship .
The champion was Michael Schumacher after he dominated all season .
The 2002 Formula One season was the 53th edition of the championship .
The champion was Michael Schumacher after dominated all the season .
Tokita plays piano and keyboard .
They made their debut in 2003 .
First single is view .
Their performance lets the heart of many people soften .
A simpleton is a person who is stupid and understands only very simple things .
Traditional theater was separated from its earliest days into comedy and tragedy .
The term drama was used to describe all the action of a play .
Perhaps the best known was Room 222 .
GPS unit uses trigonometry to calculate where it is from each satellite 's position its distance .
GPS unit calculates where it is by using trigonometry of where satellites are and how far away each is .
The radio signals contain very good time and position of the satellite .
The radio signals contain the precise time and position of the satellite .
A GPS receiver shows where it is .
Each satellite contains an atomic clock which is carefully set by NORAD several times every day .
Sometimes military and costly commercial receivers are accurate to .
A GPS receiver displays where it is .
Each satellite contains an atomic clock which is carefully set by NORAD several times per day .
Sometimes military and expensive commercial receivers are accurate to .
It is also the biggest member of the Eunomia family of asteroids .
It is also the largest member of the Eunomia family of asteroids .
It has a bit over one percent of the mass of the entire main belt .
It contains slightly over one percent of the mass of the entire main belt .
Its stretched shape led to the suggestion that Eunomia may be a binary object .
Its elongation led to the suggestion that Eunomia may be a binary object .
Spectroscopic studies suggest that Eunomia has regions made up differently .
Spectroscopic studies suggest that Eunomia has regions with differing composition .
Psyche appears to be a case of an exposed metallic core from a bigger differentiated parent body .
Psyche appears to be a genuine case of an exposed metallic core from a larger differentiated parent body .
Psyche appears to have a fairly round surface and is approximately ellipsoidal in shape .
Psyche appears to have a fairly regular surface and is approximately ellipsoidal in shape .
The Hubble Space Telescope saw Fortuna in 1993 .
The Hubble Space Telescope observed Fortuna in 1993 .
Moons were searched for but none were detected .
Satellites were searched for but none were detected .
Stellar occultations by Fortuna have been seen several times .
Stellar occultations by Fortuna have been observed several times .
It is also the biggest member of the Massalia family of asteroids .
It is also the largest member of the Massalia family of asteroids .
The remaining family members are pieces blown off by a cratering event on Massalia .
The remaining family members are fragments ejected by a cratering event on Massalia .
Kalliope 's rotation is then a bit retrograde .
Kalliope 's rotation is then slightly retrograde .
It has internet access with YouTube and the iTunes store .
With an IPod touch the user the can download tracks in the online iTunes music store .
This feature is to be offered in some Starbuck stores in the US .
This feature is to be offered in a limited number of Starbuck stores throughout the US .
They are a different option instead of glasses .
They are an alternative option to glasses .
The people he lost to were called pagan because they were not Christian .
Henry I of France fights against his father Robert .
Henry I of France revolts against his father Robert .
The Song Dynasty Chinese historian and scholar Ouyang Xiu earned his jinshi degree at the age of 22 by passing the highest level tests in the country .
This was his third time to take the test .
Byzantine Emperor Romanus III attacks Syria .
Masud begins to rule the Ghaznavid Empire after the death of his father Mahmud .
Byzantine Emperor Romanus III invades Syria .
Masud seizes the throne of the Ghaznavid Empire after the death of his father Mahmud .
It has not been studied a lot despite being one of the biggest asteroids .
It is in the central eastern part of the country .
Overijssel has Germany to the east .
There are small rivers and brooks cutting through it .
Examples for such rivers are Regge and Dinkel .
These bogs have been exploited as fuel to a large degree .
It was given to the Bishopric of Utrecht in 1347 and was known as het Sticht .
This granted the stadtholders more power .
Widespread resistance against the bigger power throughout the provinces lead to the Batavian Republic in 1795 .
Widespread resistance against the increased power throughout the provinces eventually lead to the formation of the Batavian Republic in 1795 .
Overijssel was briefly occupied by Nazi Germany during World War II from May 1940 until its liberation in April 1945 .
The maximum apparent size of Ariadne is equal to the maximum apparent size of Pluto .
The maximum apparent size of Ariadne is equivalent to the maximum apparent size of Pluto .
It is famous because it is one of the first asteroids to be found to have a moon orbiting it .
It is famed as one of the first asteroids to be found to have a moon orbiting it .
Eugenia was found in 1857 by Hermann Goldschmidt .
Eugenia was discovered in 1857 by Hermann Goldschmidt .
The major Indic scripts today order their consonants the way did .
Phonetics deals with the sounds themselves .
The major Indic alphabets today order their consonants according to classification .
Much of LoF is about the new scientific field called cognitive science .
LoF was praised in the Whole Earth Catalog and has become a cult classic .
Those who admire LoF see it as a pioneering work about the mathematics of consciousness .
LoF argues that this ability is the foundation of human cognition and consciousness .
Let 0 and 1 be the two basic primitive values of Boolean algebra .
The primitive value not assigned to empty complementation is the same thing as the blank page .
Standard methods of logic seldom use equations .
LoF argues that doing elementary logic with the primary algebra is easier .
LoF proves the primary algebra free of contradiction .
LoF also proves that every equation of the primary algebra can be proved using the primary algebra .
LoF describes three systems of logic .
The mathematics fills only about 55 pages and is rather elementary .
Much of LoF is touches on what is now called cognitive science .
Let AB denote a binary operation of Boolean algebra .
These are the only axioms in LoF .
Let A and B be any two expressions of the primary algebra .
It can be useful even if the philosophy and cognitive science of LoF are wrong or uninteresting .
Laws of Form .
Much of LoF is about the new scientific field called cognitive science .
The primitive value not assigned to empty complementation is the same thing as the blank page .
LoF proves the primary algebra free of contradiction .
LoF also proves that every equation of the primary algebra can be proved using the primary algebra .
It extends west into Limestone county .
The town was named Twickenham after Alexander Pope 's home town at the request of Leroy Pope .
Also located in this city are NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center and the United States Army Aviation and Missile Command at the Redstone Arsenal .
It extends west into neighboring Limestone county .
It was named Twickenham after Alexander Pope 's English home at the request of LeRoy Pope .
Also located in this city are NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center and the United States Army Aviation and Missile Command nearby at the Redstone Arsenal .
Auburn is known for its fast growing during the last years .
They wanted to build a town that would be the religious and educational center for this area .
It allowed for Auburn University to schedule more home football games in Auburn .
A series of budget cuts made it clear that Auburn 's economic concentration on Auburn University put the city in a bad position .
A series of reports in the 1980s and 1990s made the Auburn public school system among the top in the state .
With growth came issues of urban sprawl .
This has become the primary political issue in Auburn at the turn of the 21st century .
It borders the city of Opelika to the northeast and by Chambers County to the north .
Auburn is known for its rapid growing during the last years .
They wanted to build a town that would be the religious and educational center for the area .
A series of budget cuts made it clear that Auburn 's sole economic reliance on Auburn University put the city in a bad position .
A series of reports in the 1980s and 1990s made the Auburn public school system among the top in the state and nation convinced thousands of new residents to move to Auburn over the past 25 years .
It is bordered by the city of Opelika to the northeast and by Chambers County to the north .
It 's name came from the Helvetii people .
Its name came from the Helvetii people .
The city was the center of Islamic culture and learning and capital of the Abbasid Caliphate .
He is the last ruler of an independent Wales before its conquest by the English .
An entertainer can perform on stage or television or simply entertain children at parties .
Ghostzilla is a free open source web browser for Microsoft Windows .
Ghostzilla is an open source web browser for Microsoft Windows based on the Gecko HTML renderer used by Mozilla .
Last ever archived version of Ghostzilla site .
Swiftweasel is a free and fully open source build of Mozilla Firefox .
A Benedictine abbey is started at Sherborne .
A Benedictine abbey is founded at Sherborne .
Basil II lifts the siege of Aleppo by bringing his entire army across Anatolia in sixteen days .
Boleslaus II of Bohemia kills the Slavnik 's dynasty at Libice .
Olaf Tryggvason is made king of Norway and builds the country 's first church .
Basil II lifts the siege of Aleppo by mounting his entire army and transferring it across Anatolia in sixteen days .
Boleslaus II of Bohemia massacres the Slavnik 's dynasty at Libice .
Olaf Tryggvason is crowned king of Norway and builds the country 's first church .
The Liao Dynasty sends a patent of investiture to the new Goryeo king .
Byland Abbey is started in Yorkshire by the Cistercians .
Moscow is burned down .
Byland Abbey is founded in Yorkshire by the Cistercians .
Moscow is burned down and its inhabitants are killed .
Cathedral of Sens makes the first clock .
Cathedral of Sens installs first horologe .
Carthusian Order approved .
Vietnam is given the name of Annam by China .
Henry II of England confesses Rosamund Clifford as his mistress .
Baldwin IV becomes King of Jerusalem .
Saladin takes Damascus .
Vietnam is given the official name of Annam by China .
Henry II of England acknowledges Rosamund Clifford as his mistress .
Saladin captures Damascus .
The breakup was one of very few comet breakups seen from historical times by the 1970s .
The breakup was one of very few comet breakups observed from historical times by the 1970s .
Chaturanga is played in India .
Loma Caldera in El Salvador erupts .
The Hopewell culture of North America becomes less popular .
Pope Gregory I writes what comes to be known as Gregorian chant .
Irish missionaries pray in Scotland and Germany .
Chaturanga is played in its current form in India .
The Hopewell culture of North America ceases to be the dominant culture .
Pope Gregory I codifies what comes to be known as Gregorian chant .
Irish missionaries preach in Scotland and Germany .
Liuva II replaces his brother Reccared as King of the Visigoths .
Liuva II succeeds his brother Reccared as King of the Visigoths .
The exhausted troops mutiny against the Emperor .
Phocas kills Maurice and declares himself emperor .
It is now in it 's 37th printing and has sold over one million copies .
Now it is in its 37th printing and has sold over one million copies .
Pope Gregory VIII starts the Council of Avranches .
The Synod of Cashel ended the Celtic Christian system and converted them to Rome .
Pope Gregory VIII hosts the Council of Avranches where Henry II of England is absolved of the sin of murder in the matter of the assassination of Thomas Becket .
The Synod of Cashel ended the Celtic Christian system and brought them under Rome .
Manuel I Comnenus orders all the Venetians in the Byzantine Empire to be arrested .
Rhys ap Gruffydd agrees to talk toHenry II of England .
Building of the Cathedral of Saint Sabino in Bari is finished .
Serbian ruler Stefan Nemanja begins to rule alone .
Alfonso II of Aragon beats Caspe and Teruel .
Henry II of England starts eight centuries of conflict and war between Ireland and England .
Manuel I Comnenus orders all the Venetians in the Byzantine Empire to be arrested and their property confiscated .
Rhys ap Gruffydd agrees to negotiate with Henry II of England .
Construction of the Cathedral of Saint Sabino in Bari is completed .
Serbian ruler Stefan Nemanja begins sole reign .
Alfonso II of Aragon conquers Caspe and Teruel .
It is probably a primitive body made of carbonates .
It is probably a primitive body composed of carbonates .
Its shape is quite spherical .
Its shape is quite regular .
Io is also the name of the volcanic moon of Jupiter .
Io is also the name of the volcanic satellite of Jupiter .
It is a member of the Cybele group located beyond the middle of the belt .
It is a member of the Cybele group located beyond the core of the belt .
Sylvia is famous for being the first asteroid known to have more than one moon .
Sylvia is remarkable for being the first asteroid known to possess more than one moon .
Sylvia is very dark in color and probably made of primitive .
Sylvia is very dark in color and probably has a very primitive composition .
Sylvia 's shape is very stretched .
Sylvia 's shape is strongly elongated .
Bolton Abbey was started .
First information about Bryansk found .
First written mention of Bryansk .
Kim Pusik and his team of historians finishes the making of the Korean historical text Samguk Sagi .
Woburn Abbey founded .
Kim Pusik and his team of historians finishes compilation of the Korean historical text Samguk Sagi .
In 1948 Fellini acted in Rossellini 's Il Miracolo .
Normandy comes under Angevin control through Geoffrey of Anjou .
Giordano Pierleoni starts the revolutionary Commune of Rome .
The Priory in Lesmahagow is started by Benedictine monks .
Louis VII capitulates to Pope Celestine II and so earns the pope 's absolution .
Normandy comes under Angevin control under Geoffrey of Anjou .
Giordano Pierleoni founds the revolutionary Commune of Rome .
The Priory in Lesmahagow is founded by Benedictine monks .
But on the return of Ferdinand VII he was put in prison at Pamplona from 1814 to 1820 .
Philanthropy and patriotism helped him write .
After completing his studies at Salamanca was called to the bar .
His proclamations and odes fanned the national enthusiasm into flame .
He spent most of his time in Sligo .
The two bodies orbit around the same center of mass which lies in the space between them .
The two bodies orbit around the common center of mass which lies in the space between them .
It has a very dark surface and is made of carbonate .
It has a very dark surface and primitive carbonaceous composition .
Later sightings in September 2005 with the VLT allowed the determination of an orbit .
Later observations in September 2005 with the VLT allowed the determination of an orbit .
The moon is estimated to measure about 11 km in diameter .
The satellite is estimated to measure about 11 km in diameter .
It has a similar color to Camilla .
It has a similar color to the primary .
The project was started in 1995 by Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis and is now maintained by a group of volunteers as part of the GNU Project .
GIMP has support for opening and saving to a large number of different file formats .
GIMP can also be used to create basic animated images in GIF format .
The project was started in 1995 by Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis and is now maintained by a group of volunteers under the auspices of the GNU Project .
GIMP operations can be automated with scripting languages .
GIMP is available for a variety of operating systems and computer architectures .
A port of GIMP to Microsoft Windows was started by Finnish programmer Tor tml Lillqvist in 1997 .
The GIMP website links to binary installers compiled by Jernej Simoncic for the platform .
The GIMPs mascot is a coyote named Wilber .
The GIMP was started in 1995 by Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis and is now taken care of by a group of volunteers as part of the GNU Project .
GIMP can be used for opening and canging many types of file formats .
The project 's mascot is a coyote named Wilber .
The project was started in 1995 by Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis and is now maintained by a group of volunteers as part of the GNU Project .
GIMP has support for opening and saving to a large number of different file formats .
Also she can write the songs .
The main activity of the municipality is farming .
The main economic activity of the municipality is farming .
Observation of the moon 's orbit has made possible an accurate determination of Hermione 's mass .
Observation of the satellite 's orbit has made possible an accurate determination of Hermione 's mass .
Observation of the moon 's orbit has made possible a correct determination of Hermione 's mass .
Observation of the moon 's orbit has made possible an accurate determination of Hermione 's mass .
A moon of Hermione was discovered in 2002 with the Keck II telescope .
A satellite of Hermione was discovered in 2002 with the Keck II telescope .
A moon of Hermione was found in 2002 with the Keck II telescope .
A moon of Hermione was discovered in 2002 with the Keck II telescope .
This is after the ship used in secret by the Marquis de Lafayette to reach America to help the Americans during the American Revolutionary War .
The diameter of the moon is 4 km and it orbits at a distance of about 1170 km .
The diameter of the satellite is 4 km and it orbits at a distance of about 1170 km .
Probably export and import of absinth is illegal .
Probabily export and import of absinth is illegal .
It is a very alcoholic drink .
The precise origin of absinthe is unknown .
Probably export and import of absinthe is illegal .
The precise origin of absinthe is unknow .
Probably export and import of absinth is illegal .
The romantic associations with the drink still linger in popular culture .
Absinthe was shown as a dangerous drink with mind altering effects .
After the Lanfray murders in 1906 a petition was given to the Swiss government to ban absinthe in Switzerland .
Absinthe became banned in other countries .
The word comes from the Latin absinthium .
A sugar cube is then placed in the bowl of a special spoon .
Heat is added in the process of distillation which extracts a pure liquid .
A second step can add color to the liquid using artificial or natural coloring .
Chlorophyll from these herbs give it its famous green color .
This green absinthe is known as a verte .
Absinthe was shown as a dangerous drink with psychical effects .
A sugar cube is then deposited in the bowl of the spoon .
Chlorophyll from these herbs give it its famous green color and this green absinthe is known as a verte .
These were graded in increasing alcoholic strength and quality .
Suisse did not mean it came from Switzerland .
Wormwood has been in medical use since 1500 BC .
Absinthe 's popularity grew slowly .
In the 1840s absinthe was given to French soldiers as a malaria treatment .
It became popular at bars and bistros .
Absinthe was often linked with violent crimes supposedly committed under its influence .
Wine makers groups often publicized problems with absinthe .
Journalists blamed absinthe for many social problems .
In 1900 absinthe was made illegal in Switzerland .
It had never been banned in the UK other than the standard regulations governing alcoholic beverages .
France never changed the law of 1915 .
In July 2004 making absinthe legal again .
The prohibition was written into ordinary law instead .
The export and import of absinthe is probably illegal .
Wormwood was good for medical use since 1500 BC .
Probably export and import of absinthe is illegal .
It had never been banned in the UK other than the normal laws covering alcoholic beverages .
In 1988 a new law was passed .
In July 2004 it became legal to make absinthe again .
The ban was written into ordinary law instead .
In the United States the laws banning absinthe are hard to understand .
It had never been banned in the UK other than the standard regulations governing alcoholic beverages .
In July 2004 it became legal to make absinthe .
The prohibition was written into ordinary law instead .
By 1910 the French were drinking 36 million litres of absinthe per year .
In 1900 absinthe was banned in Switzerland .
By 1910 the French were consuming 36 million litres of absinthe per year .
In 1900 absinthe was made illegal in Switzerland .
Absinthe is usually green .
Sometimes colors are added to change the color .
It was very popular in late 19th and early 20th century France .
Parisian artists and writers were supposed to drink it .
At the end of 1900 the French were drinking over 2 million litres of absinthe a year .
By 1910 this had increased to 36 million litres .
Absinthe was seen as a dangerous drink with mind altering effects .
The word comes from the Latin word absinthium .
Absinthe was shown as a dangerous drink with mind altering effects .
The word comes from the Latin absinthium .
The Lorze feeds the lake at the northern shore .
Probably at some former date it was connected by means of the Lake Lauerz and the plain of Brunnen with Lake Lucerne .
The Chadian orphan children scandal refers to the six French citizens from the aid group L'Arche de Zoe who on October 26 were about to fly 103 Sudanese children to France from Chad .
The six suspects have started a hunger strike in protest of the Chadian court and the charges brought against them .
The Chadian orphan children scandal refers to the six French citizens from the aid group L'Arche de Zoe who on October 26 was about to fly 103 Sudanese children to France from Chad .
The six suspects has started a hungerstrike in protest of the chadian court and the charges brought against them .
The French prime minister has promised to talk with the Chadian government in a attempt to bring the six aid workers back to France .
In that case they would have to serve their eight year sentence in prison in France .
The french prime minister has promised to talk with the chadian government in a attempt to bring the six aid workers back to France .
In that case they would have to serve their eight year sentence in prison still .
He learned to play clarinet in a boys ' band run by a charity .
He started making records under his own name two years later .
Some writers have said that this was the start of the Swing Era .
He learned to play clarinet in a boy 's band run by a charity .
He started making records under his own name 2 years later .
In 1934 he auditioned for the Let 's Dance radio program .
This received national publicity and turned the Goodman Band into an overnight sensation .
Some writers have declared this date to be the start of the Swing Era .
Periodically he would organize a new band and play a Jazz festival or go on an international tour .
This system gives high speed access to the Internet by sharing the coaxila cable that is used to distribute cable television signal .
Coaxial cable is sometimes used by telephone companies from their central office to the telephone poles near users .
It is also widely installed for use in business and corporation Ethernet and other types of local area network .
The outer channel serves as a ground .
Coaxial cable was invented in 1929 and first used commercially in 1941 .
A mechanical or hard state device that can electricaly connect or isolate two or more lines .
This system provides high speed access to the Internet by sharing the coaxila cable that is used to distribute cable television signal .
A mechanical or solid state device that can electricaly connect or isolate two or more lines .
The Cape appeared on early sixteenth century maps as Cape Raso and may derive from a cape of the same name at the mouth of the Tagus River in Portugal .
The storm lost a large amount of strength before it moved over Newfoundland .
It quickly became a tropical storm .
It continued to gain strength .
The storm was said to be a gale storm when it was active .
There were several reasons for this change .
It was the second tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season .
It then moved to the northwest over warm water temperatures .
It moved into cooler waters and began to lose strength .
It is also called the Eastern Seaboard or Atlantic Seaboard .
These states touch the Atlantic Ocean all the way up to Canada .
The southern half of this region is more often thought to be the South or Southeast .
Several radioactive substances are considered carcinogens .
A common example of a carcinogen is tobacco smoke .
CERCLA says that all radionuclides are carcinogens .
This could help prevent the carcinogens from being formed .
The charred residue on barbecued meats is a carcinogen .
This does not mean eating cooked foods is dangerous .
The gastrointestinal tract sheds its outer layer continuously to protect itself from carcinomas .
Foods that have been microwaved are not carcinogenic .
This has been .
You may join if you 'd like to give your opinion on this request .
Please do not remove this notice or empty this page while the discussion is happening .
You are welcome to edit this page and improve it .
The word carcinogen is about anything that is directly involved in the making or help of cancer or in the help of its spreading .
Other examples of common carcinogens are inhaled asbestos and tobacco smoke .
Carcinogens increase the risk of getting cancer by changing cell 's functions or damaging DNA directly in cells .
There are many natural carcinogens .
Certain viruses such as Hepatitis B and human papilloma viruses have been found to cause cancer in humans .
These reactions can also turn a less toxic carcinogen into a more toxic one .
Journal of the National Cancer Institute .
Studies are underway at the FDA and European regulatory agencies to find its potential risk to humans .
Carcinogens can be classified as genotoxic or nongenotoxic .
Genotoxins do not cause reversible genetic damage or changes by sticking to DNA .
Certain viruses can also act as carcinogens by interacting with DNA .
Nongenotoxins do not directly affect DNA but act in other ways to promote growth .
These include hormones and some organic compounds .
The science aspects in the film seem very real .
It used images and sound to show meaning and did not use much talking .
The music at the beginning is the start of a symphonic poem by Richard Strauss called Ein Heldenleben .
It received some good and some bad reviews when it was released .
It is notable for how real the science aspects seem .
It received mixed reviews upon release .
He was the creator of the Game Boy and the producer of the Metroid series of video games .
He was creator of the Game Boy and producer of the Metroid series of video games .
He created the Game Boy and the produced the Metroid series of video games .
He created of the Game Boy and the produced the Metroid series of video games .
Bhutto was the first woman elected to lead a Muslim state .
Bhutto was the first woman voted to lead a Muslim state .
Donatella Versace was born in 1955 and is a famous Italian designer and the current owner of the Versace fashion line .
Donatella Versace borned in 1955 is a famous Italian designer and current owner of the Versace fashion line .
Donatella Versace was born in 1955 and is a famous Italian designer and the current owner of the Versace fashion line .
Until the 1960s the Foreign Secretary only handled relations with foreign countries and international organizations .
Extreme metal is an umbrella term for a mixture of heavy metal music subgenres formed since the 1980s .
Extreme metal is an umbrella term for a variety of heavy metal music subgenres developed since the 1980s .
Out like Flynt .
Asshole is mainly used as a bad word towards someone that that the speaker does not like .
Men are often called asshole more than ladies .
They are often called bitches or cunts .
Gene Simmons of rock band Kiss released a solo album called Asshole which also featured a song of the same name .
Some religious groups think the Harry Potter books go against their god because they represent witchcraft .
Some religious groups think the Harry Potter books go against god because they represent witchcraft .
Athens has an area of about 39 miles and sits at 798 feet above sea level .
Athens has an area of about 39 miles and sits at 798 feet .
Recently this classification has been supported by their rusts .
Temperatures that people from a hotter climate consider normal can be called a heat wave in a cooler area if they are outside the normal climate pattern for that area .
The term is used on both common weather changes and to very hot spells which may occur only once a century .
Temperatures that people from a hotter climate consider normal can be termed a heat wave in a cooler area if they are outside the normal climate pattern for that area .
The term is given to both regular weather variations and to extraordinary spells of heat which may occur only once a century .
The Chinese calendar and dates are traditionally based on changes of the moon and not the sun .
The Chinese New Year is celebrated for fifteen days .
On this day families cook dumplings made of sticky rice and eat them in a sweet soup .
On this day families cook dumplings made of glutinous rice and eat them in a sweet soup .
Livorno was defined as an ideal town during the Italian Renaissance .
It was made before the Renaissance .
In Livorno there is an important square called Piazza della Repubblica that contains two important monuments of Italian politicians .
Piazza della Repubblica is the largest bridge of Europe .
The old fortress was made before the Renaissance .
They were formed in 1991 and broke up in 1998 .
Just before WWII a small section of land on the Cape Banks Headland that was owned by the New South Wales Golf Club which was used by the Australian Army to build a fort .
In August the Gauklerfestival takes place in the streets of the old part of town with international delicacies .
There was an underground roadway built .
Zurich International Airport is close to the town of Lenzburg .
They have a metro bus system as well .
Zurich International Airport is within close reach .
The town is also served by an urban bus route .
Some of the city wall has been kept and is now under protection .
The castle is located on a hill and towers about 100 meters above the city level .
Only parts of the city wall have been preserved and are now under monumental protection .
It was part of a small settlement of 500 inhabitants that existed for about 200 years .
It was abandoned in the 3rd century .
Lenzburg became the economic center of the area in the 19th century .
Lenzburg came back from bankruptcy during the next 10 years .
It was part of a small settlement with 500 inhabitants that existed for approximately 200 years .
The settlement was abandoned in the 3rd century .
Lenzburg transformed into the economic center of the region in the 19th century .
The recovery followed relatively quickly in the following decade .
The castle changed hands several times in the 19th and 20th century .
Lenzburg is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg of the canton of Aargau and is the capital city of the district of the same name .
Lenzburg and the municipalities of Niederlenz and Staufen have merged together over time .
Lenzburg is about 30km west of Zurich .
Many people go to Zurich to work .
Lenzburg is a town in the central regions of the Swiss canton of Aargau and is the capital of the district of the same name .
Lenzburg and the neighbouring municipalities of Niederlenz and Staufen have grown together in an agglomeration .
Lenzburg lies 30 km west of Zurich .
There is a fast public transport connection through Lenzburg from Zurich to Basel .
Many people commute to Zurich or its airport at Kloten each day .
The Protestants lost this battle and moved on .
The seat of the cantonal government was found here instead of in Laufenburg .
In the plains at Rheinfelden was then a large estate .
Towards the end of the 4th century a border fort was constructed at the western settlement .
The Protestants lost this encounter and moved on .
On 17 July 1796 Rheinfelden was again occupied and looted by the French .
The old town of Rheinfelden lies on the Rhine river .
The Rhine can be traveled down by ship from Rheinfelden all the way to the North Sea .
Nearly 400 metres east is the ' .
The Rhine is navigable by ship from Rheinfelden all the way to the North Sea .
Around the city center stretches a large gravel plain .
There are many theories on Origin of life because we ca n't define what life is still and because we have n't made any kind of life in laboratory .
There are many hypothesis on Origin of life because we ca n't define what life is still and because we have n't made any kind of life in laboratory .
It was created for use all capacities of .
It was create for use all capacities of .
It was created to use all capacities of .
It was created for use all capacities of .
The church of Biasca has sculptures and paintings from the 1400s and 1500s .
This was one of the big avalanches in the Alps in modern times .
The church of Biasca has sculptures and paintings from the 15th and 16th centuries .
This was one of the major avalanches in the Alps in modern times .
In 1900 the building of the Gotthard Railway employed about 100 workers in Biasca .
About 3 km east of Biasca is the small lake of Carigiolo .
It was the first binary asteroid to be found and is a member of the Koronis family of asteroids .
It was the first binary asteroid to be discovered and is a member of the Koronis family of asteroids .
The moon was reported on 12 March 1994 .
The satellite was reported on 12 March 1994 .
Both of these theories present difficulties that are unresolved at this time .
Both of these hypotheses present difficulties that remain unresolved at this time .
It has a fairly elliptical orbit that takes more than four years to circle the Sun .
It has a relatively elliptical orbit that requires more than four years to circle the Sun .
This is because the robot may have sexual features .
If a person is attracted to a robot that does not appear human it is called paraphilia .
The number of robots in Japan means more people in Japan are likely to have a love of gadgets .
Manga and anime series in both countries often show love or sex between robots and humans .
This also make the idea of love between humans and robots more acceptable or ordinary .
South Korea aims to put a robot in every house there by 2010 in order to help catch up technologically with Japan .
This will obviously have an impact on the technosexuality of South Korea .
This is because a lot of films and books show robots as replacing humans instead of helping them .
Having a strong love of gadgets .
This is a joining of the two words technophile and metrosexuality .
Having with a strong love of gadgets .
Antisexuality is when a person thinks sex is always bad .
Sexuality can make friendships harder .
Antisexuality is where a person disagrees with all forms of sex .
Nedward Ned Flanders is a character in the animated television series The Simpsons .
Nedward Ned Flanders is a recurring character in the animated television series The Simpsons .
He is the next door neighbor to the Simpson family and is usually annoyed by Homer Simpson .
Ned Flanders was n't religious in his first few appearances and even in the first few seasons he was only mildly religious and his basic role was to be so cloyingly perfect as to annoy and shame the Simpsons .
There has been a constant effort among the shows writers to not just make him goody good and an unsympathetic person .
Ned 's store the Leftorium first appeared in .
The episode shows Ned 's faith being tested and the writers also used the episode as a chance to examine what makes him loose his temper .
There have been two instances where Flanders was not voiced by Harry Shearer .
The Adventures of Ned Flanders is a short that appears at the end of the episode .
Bill Oakley and several other writers loved the short so much that they wanted to do more Adventures of Ned Flanders shorts but time limitations have prevented them from creating more .
Ned 's unbearable niceness has been described as The Simpsons worst comment about religion .
Ned 's unbearable piousness has been described as The Simpsons toughest critic of organized religion .
Flanders is one of executive producer Al Jean 's favorite characters .
He or she is the same as an Executive Officer in the United States Army .
This term or word is also used in many other Commonwealth militaries .
Its basic meaning is someone that relieves a commander .
He or she is thus the equivalent of an Executive Officer in the United States Army .
This terminology is also used in many other Commonwealth armies .
Its basic meaning is someone who relieves a commander .
Changes to this page and its Talk page will be listed there .
Trans fat is an artificial food .
Most of it is made in factories .
Trans fat occurs in nature only very rarely .
There has yet to be a study which shows that trans fat is good for human health in any way .
Hydrogenation is the process of bubbling hydrogen gas through oil in order to change its consistency by raising its melting point .
There has yet to be a study which shows that trans fat is good for human health in any way .
The integumentary system is everything covering the outside of our bodies .
The integumentary system is often the largest organ system of an animal by surface area .
Hair on the surface of the skin helps maintain body temperature and filter out harmful particles .
The epidermis is the thin outer layer of skin that contains melanin which gives skin its color and allows for the skin to tan .
The epidermis also encompasses the protein keratin which stiffens epidermal tissue to form finger nails .
The subcutaneous tissue or subcutis is the layer of tissue directly underlying the cutis .
It is mainly composed of adipose tissue .
Its physiological function includes insulation and storage of nutrients .
The integumentary system has multiple roles in homeostasis .
All body systems work in an interconnected manner to maintain the internal conditions essential to the function of the body .
The specialized treatment of the integumentary system is performed by dermatologists .
Major systems of the human body .
The auditory system is the sensory system for the sense for hearing .
The auditory system is the sensory system for the sense of hearing .
The outer ear is the folds of cartilage surrounding the ear canal .
They are called the pinna .
The folds of cartilage surrounding the ear canal are called the pinna .
The ear canal amplifies sounds that are between 3 and 12 kHz .
These bones convert the waves to high pressure vibrations .
They are then converted to nerve impulses in the cochlea .
Higher pressure is necessary because the inner ear beyond the oval window contains liquid rather than air .
The sound is not amplified uniformly across the ossicular chain .
The auditory reflex of the middle ear muscles helps protect the inner ear from damage .
The organ of Corti forms a ribbon of sensory epithelium which runs lengthwise down the entire cochlea .
The hair cells of the organ of Corti transform the fluid waves into nerve signals .
These cilia are the mechanosensors for hearing .
These graded potentials are not bound by the all or none properties of an action potential .
Stretching and compressing the tip links may open an ion channel and produce the receptor potential in the hair cell .
Recently it has been shown that cdh23 and pchh15 are the adhesion molecules associated with these tip links .
It is thought that a calcium driven motor causes a shortening of these links to regenerate tensions .
This regeneration of tension allows for apprehension of prolonged auditory stimulation .
Neuronal dendrites innervate cochlear hair cells .
The neurotransmitter itself is thought to be glutamate .
There are far fewer hair cells than afferent nerve fibers in the cochlea .
Efferent projections from the brain to the cochlea also play a role in the perception of sound .
The cochlear nucleus is the first site of the neuronal processing of the newly converted digital data from the inner ear .
The Trapezoid body is a bundle of decussating fibers in the ventral pons that carry information used for binaural computations in the brainstem .
The lateral lemniscus is a tract of axons in the brainstem that carries information about sound from the cochlear nucleus to various brainstem nuclei and ultimately the contralateral inferior colliculus of the midbrain .
The IC are located just below the visual processing centers known as the superior colliculi .
The Medial Geniculate Nucleus is part of the thalamic relay system .
Primary Auditory Cortex is the first region of cerebral cortex to receive auditory input .
Fourth ed .
The inner ear is made mostly of the cochlea .
It transforms sound waves to electric signals in neurons .
Some northbridges content integration graphic cards .
Because different processors and memories need different signalizations northbridge works only with one or two types of processor and principle only one type of RAM memory .
Chipset Intel i915g cooperates only with processors Pentium 4 or Celeron but they can use memories DDR or DDR2 .
In fact all chipsets countenances only one processor s set with maximum quantity of RAM memory .
It is changing according to the type of processor and type of motherboard .
Northbridge usually can be linked with one or two different southbridges .
And it affects final possibilities and offered technologies of motherboard .
Because high integration northbridge usually requires separate active cooling .
Other important factors are for example voltage regulation and number of connectors .
First Pentiums had often limitation to 128 MB .
The Northbridge is one of two basic chips on the motherboard of a computer .
The other basic chip is the southbridge and together they create the computer chipset .
Northbridge is one of two basic chips on the motherboard .
Second part is southbridge and together they create chipset .
But there also exist chips which contain both together .
The part of the OLED that creates light is made of a very thin layer of organic compounds .
One of the future uses of OLED technology is for thin display panels used in notebooks .
These can be used in many different ways .
There are also ways LEDs are better .
OLEDs can make more different colors at different levels of brightness than LEDs .
Unlike LEDs their colors do not change when viewed at an angle .
They are also much cheaper to make .
LEDs also need to use filters to work properly .
These filters block much of the light created by the LED .
OLEDs also react faster to changes in electricity .
They turn on and off much faster than LEDs .
LEDs will last longer than OLEDs .
This is the biggest problem with OLEDs .
The organic compounds that make up OLEDs are also more easily damaged by water .
This means OLEDs need to have better protection against water getting inside them than LEDs do .
OLED technology is currently patented by the Eastman Kodak company and several other companies .
The emissive and conductive layers are made of special organic molecules that conduct electricity .
The anode and cathode are connect the OLED to the source of electicity .
Electrostatic forces cause electrons to move from the positive conductive layer toward the negative emissive layer .
This causes a change in the electrical levels and makes radiation that has a frequency in the range of visible light .
The future of OLED technology is in the use for thin display panels used in notebooks or monitors .
The layers are made of special organic polymer molecules that conduct electricity .
It is the main member of the Thule dynamical group .
It is the sole member of the Thule dynamical group .
A caucus is basically a meeting of supporters or members of a political party or movement .
Caucuses are are slightly different in different countries .
A caucus is most generally defined as a meeting of supporters or members of a political party or movement .
The exact definition varies between many different countries .
Senators must be at least thirty years old .
You must be 30 years old to become Senator .
Biden does not drink alcohol .
Biden has never drank alcohol .
Kate Nash was born in Dublin .
She first became interested in music during her childhood when she learned how to play the piano .
Kate Nash was born in Dublin .
Fly on his national tour before leaving to go on her own headlining tour around the UK .
Kate Nash will probably release her books under a false name .
Due to popular demand another 1000 copies were made and sold out extremely fast .
A video for the song was released and received notable airplay on MTV2 .
The BBC Radio 1 and Radio 2 both added the song to their playlists during the week of its release .
On November 30 2007 Nash appeared on Friday Night with Jonathan Ross .
Cevio is the capital of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Both were municipalities of Ticino before this coming together .
Cevio can be found about 23 kilometers northwest of the city of Locarno in the upper Vallemaggia .
About 25 percent of the area has mountains .
Only 5 percent of the langer is used for farming .
Cevio has been the main town of the district for a long time .
The inhabitants of Cevio speak using a language that is different from the Italian .
Cevio is the capital of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Cevio lies 23 km northwest of Locarno in the upper Vallemaggia .
The municipality has long been the principal town of the district .
In 1858 the municipality of Linescio was separated from it .
The inhabitants of Cevio speak a dialect that is very different from standard Italian .
Cevio is one of the municipalities of Ticino in which Italian has most notably lost ground .
The city lies on the river Serchio in a very fertile plain near the Tyrrhenian Sea .
The city is situated on the river Serchio in a very fertile plain near the Tyrrhenian Sea .
Lucca was founded by the Etruscansand later became a Roman village in 180 BC .
Dante 's Divine Comedy was written to remember the days spent in his exile in Lucca .
Lucca was founded by the Etruscansand after became a Roman colony in 180 BC .
Dante 's Divine Comedy same for remember the days spent in his exile in Lucca .
In 1829 the city was handed by the austrian Este family .
Released after Guitar Hero and Guitar Hero II it has had no sequels so far .
They played a key role in Adolf Hitler 's rise to power in the 1930s .
The group was important in helping Adolf Hitler gain power in the 1930s .
The word Sturmabteilung was used before the founding of the Nazi Party in 1919 .
The term predates the founding of the Nazi party in 1919 .
This is a special type of company .
This is a special kind of company .
Corippo is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The village has remained independent since 1822 .
Corippo is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The village has maintained its status as an independent entity since its incorporation in 1822 .
The village first became connected to the wider world in 1883 when a road was built linking it to the Verzasca valley road .
What is meant by the word science ?
What is mean by the word science ?
It has an unusually long rotation period among the big asteroids .
It has an unusually long rotation period among the large asteroids .
Locarno is the capital of the Locarno district in the Swiss canton of Ticino .
The Locarno Treaties were negotiated here in 1925 .
The sanctuary of Madonna del Sasso in Orselina above the city is the principal sight and goal of pilgrimage in the city .
It first came into the hands of the Eidgenossen in 1503 .
Most of that dates from the 15th and 16th centuries .
Only the foundation remains from the original structure .
It was made by the technology company Intel .
Those processors are more advanced than Intel P6 processors .
The Core Duo was released on 5 January 2006 .
Those processors are more advanced than Intel P6 architecture .
This architecture is getting replaced by new Core 2 microarchitecture .
Sale Core Duo was started in 5 January 2006 with rest elements of Napa platform .
It was the first Intel processor to be used in Apple Macintosh computers .
Only one core is active .
In the past Intel was doing similar policy in case of 486 CPU .
The genetic or ethnic origins of the Maltese people is undecided to historians and geneticists .
The genetic or ethnic origins of the Maltese people have been fiercely debated among historians and geneticists .
Historians and Geneticists currenlty do not know where the Maltese people came from .
The genetic or ethnic origins of the Maltese people is undecided to historians and geneticists .
Gnosticism teaches that humans are divine souls trapped in a material world made by an imperfect spirit called the demiurge .
This demiurge is thought to be the same as the God of Abraham .
Gnosticism comes from the which means knowledge .
Some religions and sects mostly in the few hundred years before and after Christ are said to be gnostic or practice gnosticism .
They say that the world was madeby an imperfect spirit called the demiurge .
The demiurge is thought to be the same as the God of Abraham .
That is the special secret knowledge given only to a few special people .
Some Gnostic groups saw Jesus as sent by the supreme being to bring gnosis to the Earth .
Gnosticism refers to some religions and sects mostly in the few hundred years before and after Christ .
Gnosticism teaches that humans are divine souls trapped in a material world made by an imperfect spirit called the demiurge .
This demiurge is thought to be the same as the God of Abraham .
Some Gnostic groups saw Jesus of Nazareth as sent by the supreme being to bring gnosis to the Earth .
At this time the Hermetic Corpus was thought to be older than both Plato and Pythagoras .
It was created in 1989 by Labour Party members who were trying to change section 28 of the Local Government Act .
It was made in 1989 by Labour Party members who were trying to change section 28 of the Local Government Act .
The island is above Shepperton Lock .
It can only be reached by boats .
The island belongs to Admiral Nelson after he had fought in a battle on the Nile and had used it as a place to fish .
See also Pharaoh 's Island in Egypt .
The island is located above Shepperton Lock .
It was given to Admiral Nelson following the Battle of the Nile who used it as a fishing retreat .
The island has a number of relatively large residences on it .
However it is not connected by any bridge and is only accessible by boat .
It 's members were playing in other bands in the Liverpool music scene including street punkers Down and Outs and new wave popsters Victor FME .
It 's members were involved in other bands in the Liverpool music scene including street punkers Down and Outs and new wave popsters Victor FME .
Chatmon himself was a member of the family 's string band when he was young .
He performed all the time for white audiences in the 1900s .
Popular dance tunes .
He played at parties and on street corners in Mississippi for money and tips .
In the 1930s he recorded songs with his brothers .
He performed at parties and on street corners throughout Mississippi for small pay and tips .
In the same year Chatmon recorded for the Arhoolie record label .
He toured extensively during the 1960s and 1970s .
TFT displays are very fragile because they are made as thin and light as possible but this means they need far less space than the older CRT displays .
TFT displays are made with a special chemical technology called chemical vapor disposition .
The word resolution means the solution of a problem .
Better resolution on a display screen describes how detailed a picture can be displayed .
Each pixel is another detail on the screen .
For office work and internet a fast response time is less important .
TFT response time is as the average time it takes to change the pixels from one shade of gray to another shade of gray .
TFT is very fast for changing between colors which is more important for movies and games .
TFT displays are very fragile because they are made as thin and light as possible .
TFT screens need far less space than the older CRT displays .
TFT dsplays are made with a special technology called chemical vapor disposition .
Resolution means how a problem was solved .
Better resolution is the problem of a clear picture solved .
For normal office and internet applications a low response time not as important .
TFT response time is by how long it takes to change a pixel from one shade of gray to another shade of gray .
The average speed is given as the response time .
LCD technology is faster for changing a pixel between black and white but TFT is faster for changing colors .
Colour is more important for movies and games .
They offer resolutions of 1440 x 900 pixel .
BDD symptoms decreased a lot in those patients undergoing CBT .
Being unhappy with an imagined problem on their body .
Preoccupation with an imagine defect in appearance .
Cotton played harmonica on Muddy Water 's Grammy Award winning 1977 album Hard Again .
James Cotton 's band would also get nominated for two Grammy Awards .
Cotton 's latest release Baby Do n't You Tare My Clothes was released in 2004 .
Cotton has worked with a number of famous artists .
Vich was controlled by many people .
In 1536 the canton of Vaud was taken by the Bernese who kept it until 1798 when the canton was freed by the French revolutionary troops .
Lugano is the largest town in Ticino .
The Palazzo dei Congressi is the performing arts center for Lugano which one of the main halls for the Orchestra della Svizzera Italiana .
In 1956 it hosted the first Eurovision Song Contest .
The word cataract comes from the Greek word kataraktes meaning waterfall .
The word cataract comes from the Greek kataraktes meaning waterfall .
Josquin was born in 1440 and died in 1521 .
Josquin was born in 1440 and then had died in 1521 .
It is part of a lighning protection system .
Such a system is made of many such rods .
These rods are usually placed at high points of buildings and structures .
Franklin speculated about lightning rods for several years before his reported kite experiment .
There was some resistance from churches who felt that it was defying divine will to install these rods .
In the 19th century the lightning rod became a symbol of American ingenuity and a decorative motif .
Lightning rods were often embellished with ornamental glass balls Antique Lightning Rod Ball Hall of Fame .
Antique Bottle Collectors Haven .
The ornamental appeal of these glass balls has also been incorporated into weather vanes .
Balls of solid glass occasionally were used in a method purported to prevent lightning strikes to ships .
Hence the best method for preventing a lightning strike to a wooden ship was to bury a small solid glass ball in the tip of the highest mast .
The random behavior of lightning ensured that the method gained a good bit of credence even after the development of the marine lightning rod soon after Franklin 's initial work .
Nikola Tesla 's was an improvement in lightning protectors .
Employees at those sites were very sensitive to potential lightning strikes .
The statue was designed with multiple devices that are tipped with platinum .
The church tower was usually the highest structure or building in medieval European towns and villages .
It was also the building very often hit by lightning .
Czolgosz shot President William McKinley on 6 September 1901 .
He was executed in Illinois in Auburn prison on 29 October 1901 .
Czolgosz said that McKinley was an enemy of the people .
McKinley was the third American President to be assassinated .
His family did not say where the cemetery was .
He plays acoustic blues and novelty songs .
In the 1960s he started recording again with Fire Records and Delmark Records .
He died because of heart disease and diabetes .
Honeyboy is the last original Delta Blues guitarists still performing .
Culture expert Alan Lomax recorded Edwards in 1942 for the first time .
The book is about his life from childhood to when he arrived in Chicago .
It describes his journeys through the South in the early 1950s .
Folklorist Alan Lomax recorded Edwards in 1942 .
A companion CD by the same title was released by Earwig Records shortly afterwards .
He moved to a Plantation near Indianola at between 1901 and 1904 .
At that time Chile 's government was lead by Pedro Montt .
They arrived in Iquique on 16 December 16 .
They stayed peacefully in the school .
Hundreds of people were killed .
The strike go on in San Lorenzo and grow up quickly all over .
Hundred of people were massacred .
Every Skype user has a personal number which others users can use to talk with them .
Every Skype users has a personal number which others users to can talk with them .
Every Skype user has a personal number which other users can use to talk with them .
Every Skype user has a personal number which others users can use to talk with them .
The courts of Germany are independent of the government and the lawmakers .
Senior judges are appointed by the Bundestag for a fixed term .
The constitution puts freedom and human rights first .
The 1949 Grundgesetz was written to correct the problems with the Weimar Republic 's constitution .
The Weimar Republic collapsed in 1933 and was replaced by the dictatorship of the Third Reich .
The Judiciary of Germany is independent of the executive and the legislature .
He was awarded the Best New Artist award in the Taiwan Golden Melody Awards .
His career and notability began to rise in Singapore with the aid of his music being used in television shows .
He was the guest performer in the finals of Channel U 's Project SuperStar .
Eros is one of the few NEAs with a maximum diameter higher than 10km .
Eros is one of the few NEAs with a maximum diameter greater than 10km .
The adjectival form which is not used a lot of the name Eros is Erotian .
NEAR scientists have found that most of the bigger rocks strewn across Eros were blown off from a single crater in a meteorite collision approximately 1 billion years ago .
It was first thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
NEAR scientists have found that most of the larger rocks strewn across Eros were ejected from a single crater in a meteorite collision approximately 1 billion years ago .
It was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
The island is inhospitable to humans .
Sula Sgeir is a National Nature Reserve since 1956 .
It is an important place for birds .
Sula Sgeir was declared a National Nature Reserve in 1956 for be an important place for birds .
It sets out rules for people who use or store data about living people and gives to those people whose data has been collected .
REDIRECTSimple English Wikipedia is smacked by Duke Nukem 's Mighty Foot .
The capital of the province is the city of Lucca .
The ambulance services have getting more and more busy .
The pateients do not pay for this service .
The hospital does .
This is an area where an increasing amount of private firms are taking business away from the trusts .
Before 1974 local councils used to run the ambulance service .
Since then NHS regions and now ambulance trust have .
On 1 July 2006 the number of ambulance trusts fell from 29 to 13 .
Most of the new Trusts follow government office regional boundaries .
But on the Isle of Wight the local hospitals will keep running the ambulances .
Also South East England and South West England were split into two Ambulance Trusts .
This has meant that a lot of old trusts disappearred to exist .
This has led to a number of old trusts ceasing to exist .
The Scottish Ambulance Service is a Special Health Board funded directly by the Health Department of the Scottish Government .
Scotland also has Britain 's only publicly funded Air Ambulance service .
The Scottish Ambulance Service is a Special Health Board funded directly by the Health Department of the Scottish Executive .
Children often like to play on seesaws .
Then the friend pushes up so the first child goes down .
They continue to go back and forth until they are ready to stop playing on the seesaw .
Children like to play on seesaws .
Then they do it the other way .
Veritas and Undina would have been the biggest pieces of that collision .
Veritas and Undina would have been the largest fragments of that collision .
The thought Veritas collision would have been too far from Jupiter for the pieces to have been slung into a collision course with Earth .
The suspected Veritas collision would have been too far from Jupiter for the fragments to have been slung into a collision course with Earth .
Shardik and The Plague Dogs are less well known .
Shardik and The Plague Dogs are less well known .
Minusio is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Minusio is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The building was bought by Mikhail Bakunin in 1873 with money he obtained from Carlo Cafiero .
The days following the 15th were a veritable hell Bakunin later wrote .
On 25 July Bakunin signed over the deeds of the building to Cafiero and resolved to die on the barricades in Bologna .
It is also called amrita .
This is a Chinese name .
He is also known for his roles in the Taiwanese TV shows Hanazakarino Kimitachihe and Tokyo Juliet .
He later graduated from the RMIT University in Melbourne with a Bachelor 's degree in Business Administration .
Wu also played basketball for Brunei 's national team .
He remained in this position until 1604 .
He remain in this position until 1604 .
Morcote is a municipality of the district Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino .
Morcote is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Ticino situated about 10 kilometres from Lugano in the district of Lugano .
Goods from northern Italy were shipped across the lake to the rest of Ticino .
A barrack is a military building where soldiers live and sleep .
A barrack is a military building that is where soldiers live and sleep in when they are at war .
We think that Apple copied the LG Prada phone after it was shown in the iF Design Award and won the prize in September 2006 .
The following is a list of some of the songs featured in the film along with the artist that popularized them .
The following is a partial list of songs featured in the film along with the artist that popularized them .
The Duke agrees to support the show .
Christian 's quick wit and Satine 's charm fool the Duke into believing that they were rehearsing Spectacular Spectacular .
The plot of the film is very like another opera called La traviata written by Giuseppe Verdi .
Luhrmann may have got the idea to make Moulin Rouge !
It was directed by Mani Ratnam .
This meant some parts had to be filmed in Madrid .
The film 's plot also is very simular to another opera called La traviata written by Giuseppe Verdi .
It is expected to premiere in 2008 .
People are planning to start showing it to the public in 2008 .
Film Critics gave the film good reviews .
Critics gave the film generally positive reviews .
It was directed by Australian Baz Luhrmann and stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes in the title roles .
It was directed by Australian Baz Luhrmann and stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes in the eponymous roles .
There are many different types of epithelium that do different things in the body .
There are many different types of epithelium which do different things in the body .
Some people believe that Buddhism and Hinduism are similar .
Why do they think that ?
He left them because he wanted to look for what was true .
He was very important to Buddhism outside India .
King Ashoka became a Buddhist after he fought and killed people in war .
Buddhism is an immideately consequence of Hinduism .
Many people believe that it is a branch of Hinduism .
The members of the band all came from Magdeburg in Germany .
Vajrayana Buddhism comes from Mahayana Buddhism .
Tibetan Vajrayana Buddhism has its own texts in the Tibetan and Sanskrit languages .
It also contains the older Mahayana texts in Sanskrit and Theravada texts in the Pali language .
Vajrayana is sometimes known as Tantric Buddhism in the west .
Vajrayana was developed in Northern India around the 7th century .
Vajrayana is also known in the West as Tantric Buddhism .
Vajrayana was developed in Northern India circa 7th century .
They look at different things in a text .
How long are the words ?
How long are the sentences ?
Sound recording is the electrical or mechanical preservation of sound .
The sound is recreated by playing back the recorded medium .
The two main kinds of sound recording are analog and digital recordings .
The phonograph was invented by Thomas Alva Edison in 1877 .
Sound waves vibrated a small needle so that its motion carried the waves .
This recording could be played back by tracing another needle through the groove to reproduce the small vibrations in the playback needle .
The master could be used to produce many copies through the opposite process .
In the late 1930s the tape recorder appeared .
Sound waves are converted into an electrical signal inside the recorder .
These magnetic patterns are much like the small grooves of a cylinder or disc record in the way that they represent the vibration energy of sound waves .
A magnetic tape is divided into several tracks .
This kind of system is usually called reel to reel today .
Cassettes are small cartridges containing two reels inside .
Usually a system like this is designed to allow someone to mix the tracks in different ways than they were originally recorded .
A good quadraphonic recording can sound much more real than stereo or monophonic recordings .
Tape recording technology was used from the early days of computing to store digital information .
This digital data is a digital audio recording which can be copied and reproduced with many different computer systems .
Moving to digital takes the medium one step further from the original sound .
Methods and media for sound recording are varied and have undergone significant changes between the first time sound was actually recorded for later playback until now .
The two main classes of sound recording technology are analog recording and digital recording .
The first devices for recording sound were mechanical in nature .
The vertical vibrations of the needle corresponded to air pressure vibrations .
The recording could be played back by tracing a needle through the groove and amplifying the resulting vibrations .
A disadvantage of the phonograph was the difficulty of reproducing the cylinders in mass production .
Reproduction of these disks was relatively simple by pressing a master image on a plate of shellac .
In the late 1930 's the tape recorder followed as the next step in the evolution of sound recording .
This type of recording device uses a magnetic tape as recording medium .
The tape is magnetized as it moves with a constant speed past a recording head .
A tape allows multiple tracks in parallel to each other .
The evolution of the tape recording systems shows the evolution from analog to digital audio technology .
The compact cassette contains 2 analog tracks per side .
DAT is still used in studios .
These recording media are fully digital and require complex electronics to play back .
A metic was a foreigner who lived in Ancient Athens in the 4th and 5th centuries BC .
A notable metic was Aristotle .
A metic was a foreigner who lived in Ancient Athens .
The metic did not have the same citizen rights as a citizen who was born in the state he was living in .
A metic was a foreigner who lived in Ancient Athens in the 4th and 5th centuries BC .
A notable metic was Aristotle .
Gucci has about 425 shops in the world and it sells its products to other shops by franchisees and department stores .
Gucci operates about 425 stores worldwide and it wholesales its products through franchisees and upscale department stores .
Gucci was started in 1906 by Guccio Gucci .
Guccio Gucci designed many of the company 's famous clothes .
Gucci grew in other countries .
Aldo relegated control of Parfums to his son Roberto in an effort to weaken Rodolfo 's control of the overall operations of the company .
It is not rare to see a vampire make a small army of Ghouls for attack or defense .
Most Haunted is a British paranormal television program based on investigating possible paranormal activity .
The following is a list of former team and crew members who have given a lot of their time to the show .
Most Haunted is a British paranormal television program based on investigating purported paranormal activity .
The show is due to commence its tenth series on 19th February 2008 .
Most Haunted is filmed with both broadcast Sony DVcams and Sony PC120 miniDV cameras with night vision facility .
This resulted in a different editor for almost every episode .
Essentially the latter two create an even balance between paranormal and scientific explanations for the various phenomena that occur .
The following is a list of former team and crew members who have had some significant input to the show so far .
The leaves and flowers of the plant grow and blossom in the spring and are shed in the fall .
This is sometimes called a breeches roll or trouser role .
The first opera ever written was performed in 1597 in Florence in Italy .
It was called Daphne and the composer was Jacopo Peri .
The music for this still exists .
It is a serious opera about how a woman can save a man by being true and faithful .
Translations are printed on a screen at the top so that the audience can understand what is being sung .
This is sometimes called a trouser role .
The first opera ever written was performed in 1600 in Florence in Italy .
It was called Euridice and the composer was Jacopo Peri .
Today he is only remembered because he wrote the first opera .
His music is never heard .
They started to put in comic bits to make people laugh .
It is a serious opera about how woman can save man through her loyalty .
This was true of opera as well .
Yahoo Biz .
It has nearly 300 stores in 36 countries around the world .
He is mainly famous for designing men 's clothes .
It was made in the Soviet Union by the Communist Party of the USSR .
The Code also is about what a person should do as a commitment to the society he or she lives in .
It was made in the Sviet Union by the Communist Party of the USSR .
The Code also is about what a person should do as a committment to the society he or she lives in .
Iconoclasm is a a word .
Iconoclasm is the deliberate destruction within a culture of the culture 's own religious icons and other symbols or monuments .
She kept Mary a prisoner for many years .
She kept Mary in prison for 19 years .
Hooker also played slide guitar on the 1962 Muddy Waters recording You Shook Me .
Earl Hooker died at the age of 41 from tuberculosis .
Scrubland is plant community with scrub vegetation .
Scrublands are sometimes known as heathlands .
Scrublands may develop naturally or as result of human activity .
He was a military officer in the Indonesian National Revolution .
He is better known as the second President of Indonesia .
This helped him come to power .
His movement was known as Orde Baru .
This was during an era that is known as Cold War .
He also made some laws against communist parties and ethnic Chinese .
His New Order administration 's authoritarian and increasingly corrupt practices led to much discontent in the 1990s .
Suharto 's almost unquestioned authority over Indonesian affairs slipped dramatically when the Asian financial crisis lowered Indonesians ' standard of living .
People inside the military and other institutions no longer supported him .
There were some problems inside the country during the early 1990s .
Suharto had been the face of Indonesia for over 30 years .
There were people who wanted to try him for genocide .
Attempts to try him on charges of genocide failed due to his failing health .
The language is mainly used for private talking between Roma people but some words have become widely known in Spanish culture .
The languages is mainly used for private talking between Roma people but some words have become widely known in Spanish culture .
This led to many cotton mills in the 1780s .
This lead to many cotton mills in the 1780s .
There are also several Avon Townships .
Vergeletto is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Both municipalities were moved away from each other in 1882 .
Vergeletto is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
In the middel age Vergeletto belonged to the Onsernone vicinanza and to the squadra of Russo .
Vergeletto first depended from the church of Russo since 1757 it is an autonomous parish .
The Chiesa parrochiale Annunciazione di Maria Vergine was founded in 1610 by Pietro Terribilini .
It contains a wooden statue reprensenting the Virgin Mary and Gabriel Archangel .
Il mulino is an 18th century mill located in the center of the village .
One comes to Vergeletto by the road which forks at Cavigliano .
The road curves throughout very impressive gorges far away one can distinghish farm houses laying like swallows or eagle nest .
Il nucleo is located at the entrance of the valley bearing the same name .
Arbok 's name is the same as this .
Arboks name is the same as this .
The equals sign is placed between the things stated to be exactly equal or the same .
The equals sign is placed between the things stated to be equal .
Homophobia is the fear of or segregation against homosexuals .
Homophobia is the fear of or discrimination against homosexuals .
Homophobia is the fear of homosexuals or treating them unfairly .
Homophobia is the fear of or discrimination against homosexuals .
Homophobia is the fear or poor treatment of homosexuals .
Homophobia is the fear of homosexuals or treating them unfairly .
Sorted in order from the mouth heading upstream .
Henry Morton Stanley was the first European to travel along the whole river .
Henry Morton Stanley was the first European to navigate along the river 's length and report that the Lualaba was not a source of the Nile as had been suggested .
The Congo gets its name from the old Kingdom of Kongo which made their home in the lands at the mouth of the river .
This then becomes the Congo below Boyoma Falls .
The Congo gets its name from the ancient Kingdom of Kongo which inhabited the lands at the mouth of the river .
Food processing means the ways that are used to change raw into food so that they can be eaten by humans or animals .
In top of that there were rumors that he was guilty of incest and homosexuality .
In top of that there were rumors that he was guilty of incest and sodomy .
It can be found throughout North America .
It lives from Florida to central Mexico and along the Pacific Coast during the winter .
The American Robin is most active during the day and groups together in large flocks at night .
The nest is covered with mud and often made soft with grass or other soft materials .
It is one of the first birds to sing at dawn .
Its song is made up of several discrete units that are repeated .
The American Robin is active mostly during the day and assembles in large flocks at night .
The American Robin can be found all over North America .
In spring it is one of the first bird species to lay eggs .
It begins to breed shortly after returning to North America after spending the winter in the south .
Its song is made up of several small groups of sounds that are repeated .
It can be found throughout North America .
Its song is made up of several discrete units that are repeated .
The American Robin is not related to it .
It has seven subspecies .
The American Robin is most active during the day .
It groups together in large flocks at night .
It eats invertebrates .
It will also eat fruits and berries .
It begins to breed shortly after returning to northern North America after spending the winter in the south .
The nest is covered with mud .
It is often made soft with grass or other soft materials .
This is called Brood parasitism .
The Robin usually rejects the cowbird eggs .
The American Robin is most active during the day and groups together in large flocks at night .
In spring it is one of the first bird species to lay eggs .
It begins to breed shortly after returning to North America after spending the winter in the south .
The nest is covered with mud and often made soft with grass or other soft materials .
It is one of the first North American birds to lay eggs .
The breeding season starts in April and ends in July .
This can be seen when it is flying .
It has dark spots on its breast .
This can be seen when the American Robin is flying .
They are very hard to tell apart .
The different subspecies will with each other .
It is found in the United States and Canada .
It is mostly dark or blackish on the head .
It has a dark gray back .
The breast is a little more red than the breast of the main subspecies .
It winters in most of its southern breeding range .
It is smaller than the main subspecies .
The black feathers on the front of the head and top of the head have light gray tips .
The breast is lighter than the breast of the main subspecies .
It winters from southwest British Columbia south to central and southern California and east to northern Idaho .
It is a little smaller than the main subspecies .
It has a very dark head .
There is very little white on the tips of the outer two tail feathers .
It winters in much of the southern breeding range .
It is the about the same size as or a little larger than main subspecies .
It has very little white on the tip of the outer tail feathers .
This is probably more common in females .
Males are usually darker .
They may show light or whitish sides to the head .
This form is very different .
It is very small .
It is the lightest subspecies .
It usually does not have any white spots on the tips of the outer tail feathers .
But the American Ornithologists ' Union considers it as only a subspecies .
It is a littlw smaller than propinquus .
It has a larger bill .
The male 's breast is more of a rusty color than the main subspecies .
The adults will give an call to warn the juveniles that there is a predator near by .
The parents will then attack the predator .
Some of the predators they will attack are cats and dogs .
They will even go after humans if the human gets close to their young .
Fledged juveniles are only able to fly short distances .
The coloring of the juveniles helps them hide better in bushes or trees .
This kind of coloring is called camouflage .
The average life of an American Robin lasts about 2 years .
The longest known lifespan of a wild American Robin is 14 years .
A unique trait Ville has is how he will talk with fans of his games .
He checks all of the game ideas written to him on his website 's forums .
They all include art created by himself .
Packaging is the action of packing something .
It takes time to pack stuff which can be packed .
It is now one the most popular entertainment shows in China .
It is generally described as the mainland Chinese version of Pop Idol and became one the most popular entertainment shows in the country .
The audition sessions had females ranging from 4 to 89 years old .
Many applicants traveled long distances to take part in the competition .
Each contestant was allowed 30 seconds to perform to judges and find out if they were selected for the preliminary regional rounds .
The last event is contested between the final three .
Judges for the competition were selected from different backgrounds in society .
The almost unrestricted audition sessions drew contestants of ages ranging from 4 to 89 years old .
Many applicants traveled long distances to take part in the competition hoping to become a star .
Eact contestant was allowed 30 seconds to perform in front of judges and find out if they were selected for the preliminary regional rounds .
The show 's professional judges also do not have the distinct personalities of American Idol judges .
The last event is contested between the final 3 .
Audience judges were selected in addition to several professional judges .
The show was a success and the counterpart Super Girl aired at the beginning of 2004 and became the most viewed show in Hunan .
Hunan Satellite Television introduced a second season of Super Girl on 19 March 2005 .
The last event is contested between the final three .
A few dozen audience judges were selected in addition to several professional judges .
The second season of Super Girl aired from 19 March to 26 August in 2005 .
There was much controversy about the Li Yu Chun being the season 's grand champion as she had the most votes even though she had the weakest voice among the top finalists .
The set was released ahead of Li 's 22nd birthday in her commemoration .
The announcement of Li Yuchun as the season 's grand champion came under scrutiny as she had been leading voting results despite having the weakest voice among the top finalists .
The first season of Super Girl aired from 6 May to 22 September 2004 .
The third season of aired from 2 April to 30 September 2006 .
It started in 1999 .
It premiered in 1999 .
Yasukuni shrine is enshrines victim of the war .
Except in specific locations to tobacco smoke and imposes fines .
A plateau is an area of raised land that is flat on top .
A plateau with a lot of erosion is called a dissected plateau .
A plateau that is also a volcano is called a volcanic plateau .
Cervical cancer is cancer of the cervix or cervical area that can result in malignance and death .
One sign of the cancer is bleeding or discharge from the vagina .
Cervical cancer is cancer of the cervix or cervical area that can result in death .
One sign of the cancer is bleeding from the vagina .
A widow is a woman whose husband or wife has died .
A widower is a man whose wife or husband has died .
A widow is a woman whose husband has died .
A widower is a man whose wife has died .
A widow is a woman whose spouse has died .
A widower is a man whose spouse has died .
A widow is a woman whose husband or wife has died .
A widower is a man whose wife or husband has died .
A widow is a woman whose has died .
A widow is a woman whose spouse has died .
The event was succeeded by .
The Puppy Bowl is a show on Animal Planet that airs once each year before the Super Bowl .
The Puppy Bowl is an annual show on Animal Planet .
It airs before the football Super Bowl .
Cute puppies are on a mini football field with various football dog toys .
It is a fun show for all those dog lovers out their !
An inductor is an electrical device used in electrical circuits because of inductance .
An inductor is an electrical device used in electrical circuits for its property of inductance .
An inductor is an electrical device used in electrical circuits because of magnetic charge .
An inductor is an electrical device used in electrical circuits because of inductance .
An inductor can take many forms .
Inductors are used often in analog circuits .
Two or more inductors that have coupled magnetic flux make a transformer .
Transformers are used in every power grid around the world .
Inductors are very widely used in analog circuits .
This change can be undone .
This edit can be undone .
A gyrobus is a special bus which does n't use a normal engine .
There are not many buses of this kind because they are very expensive .
At special stations electric engines accelerate the wheel so the bus can still drive .
It is called the Fastest growing town in the Carolinas because so many people are moving there .
It is called the Fastest growing town in the Carolinas because so many people move there .
He plays in the German Bundesliga for Bayern Munich .
His plays in the German Bundesliga for Bayern Munich .
Riders are not allowed to take pictures with cameras that flash or with cameras that are on tripods .
This is because it is believed to be too holy to be spoken .
It has also been pronounced as Jehovah .
This is because it is believed to be too holy to be spoken when there is no Temple in Jerusalem .
This is because it is believed to be too holy to be spoken .
Nothing is known about his parents .
It is the custom for people to take a new name when they are accepted into a holy order .
The convent of San Marco in Florence has several manuscript books that he is thought to have painted .
In 1436 a new Dominican Convent of San Marco was built in Florence .
Fra Angelico was one of the monks from Fiesole who moved to Florence .
This was an important move for Fra Angelico because Florence already had a great number of artits from whom he could learn .
It also had a very wealthy patron of the arts called Cosimo de ' Medici who loved to buy beautiful works of art for himself and his favorite churches .
Nothing is known of his parents .
He was a member of the Observant Branch of the Dominican Order at Fiesole .
His illumination tutor is unknown .
San Marco in Florence holds several manuscripts that are thought to be entirely or partly by his hand .
Cosimo was so delighted when he saw how Fra Angeliico could paint that he encouraged him to paint lots of beautiful pictures for the convent .
At the top of the stairs Fra Angelico painted a fresco on the wall of the Angel Gabriel announcing the birth of Jesus to the Blessed Virgin Mary .
This is one of his most famous pictures .
But Fra Angelico did not want such a high job and he suggested the name of another friar for the position .
Fra Angelico 's pupils were probably left in Rome to finish the work on the chapel .
He died at the Dominican Convent and was buried in the church of Santa Maria sopra Minerva .
In 1984 the pope made him the patron of Catholic artists .
He though his most important job was caring for others .
He painted a great number of scenes of the Crucifixion and he would always cry while he was painting them .
The things that seem to be important on Earth are not the things that are important in Heaven .
I am Brother John and I come from Tuscany .
The changes had begun a hundred years before his time with the works of Giotto .
Fra Angelico would have seen the famous pictures of the Life of Saint Francis that Giotto did for the church of Santa Croce in Florence .
In Giotto 's paintings the figures look more real and solid and lifelike than in the pictures of other painters of the 1300s .
Giotto was also very good at painting the emotions one peoples faces and the actions that showed how they were feeling .
His work was abig influence on every artists who saw it .
The red color called vermilion was one of the mmost expensive .
This type of painting is called International Gothic .
Some artists of Fra Angelico 's day were expert at doing paintings that would make very rich people happy .
Fra Angelico was able to paint in both ways .
But his most famous paintings have no gold and no bright colors .
They are the simple gentle paintings of the life of Jesus that he did for the friars in their cells at San Marcos .
The result was unusual for its times .
Among his other pupils were Zanobi Strozzi .
He was buried in the church of Santa Maria sopra Minerva .
The tomb has been given greater visibility since the beatification .
See Apelles .
It is shipped in a bottle shaped like a monk 's habit with a rope belt round the waist .
The patrons of these artists were most often monastic establishments or wealthy families endowing a church .
There was a very good reason for this .
The paintings that were commissioned made a statement about the patron .
Paint made from these colors did not lend itself to a tonal treatment .
Fra Angelico was the contemporary of Gentile da Fabriano .
Masaccio had fully grasped the implications of the art of Giotto .
The works of Fra Angelico reveal elements that are both conservatively Gothic and progressively Renaissance .
The series of frescoes that Fra Angelico painted for the Dominican Brothers at San ' Marcos realize the advancements made by Masaccio and carry them further .
The meditational frescoes in the cells of the convent have a quieting quality about them .
They are humble works in simple colors .
In its place is dull green and the black and white of Dominican robes .
Each one has the effect of bringing an incident of the life of Christ into the presence of the viewer .
They are like windows into a parallel world .
These frescoes remain a powerful witness to the piety of the man who created them .
Masaccio ventured into perspective with his creation of a realistically painted niche at Santa Maria Novella .
It is probable that much of the actual painting was done by his assistants to his design .
Both Benozzo Gozzoli and Gentile da Fabriano were highly accomplished painters .
Above these works stood a row of painted Popes in brilliant brocades and gold tiaras .
None of these splendors have any place in the work which Michelangelo created .
Christ reaches out to Adam to rescue him from Hell .
It was removed and disassembled during the renovation of the convent church in the seventeenth century .
This is probably the most reproduced of all Fra Angelico 's paintings .
The frescoes are apparently for contemplative purpose .
Many of Fra Angelico 's finest and most reproduced works are among them .
The three Marys at the tomb .
The entire surface of wall and ceiling is sumptuously painted .
The Four Evangelists .
Jean had been consulted by their then owner in her capacity as an expert medievalist .
They were finally identified in 2005 by Michael Liversidge of Bristol University .
Ironically the manuscripts turned out to be high quality Victorian forgeries by The Spanish Forger .
These two panels were presumed lost forever .
In 1436 a new Dominican Convent of San Marco was built in Florence .
Fra Angelico had a brother called Benedetto who was also a Dominican friar .
Fra Benedetto painted illuminated manuscripts .
Fra Angelico possibly learned to paint manuscripts as well .
They often did this by ordering paintings that had lots of bright color and real gold backgrounds .
They ordered paintings that had lots of bright color and real gold backgrounds .
Chapter 10 .
The gravitational radiation put out by the solar system is too small to measure .
It is believed that neutron star mergers and black hole creation may create measurable amounts of gravitational radiation .
The gravitational radiation emitted by the solar system is far too small to measure .
It is believed that neutron star mergers and black hole formation may create detectable amounts of gravitational radiation .
Gravitational radiation observatories such as LIGO have been created to study the problem .
These masses are gotten by using the laws of gravity on certain things with the orbit .
These masses are obtained by applying the laws of gravity to the measured characteristics of the orbit .
In space an object maintains its orbit because of the force of gravity acting upon it .
Newton 's theory had its best success when it was used to predict the existence of Neptune based on motions of Uranus that could not be accounted for by the actions of the other planets .
Newton 's theory enjoyed its greatest success when it was used to predict the existence of Neptune based on motions of Uranus that could not be accounted by the actions of the other planets .
This was a major coming away from Aristotle 's theory that heavier objects accelerate faster .
Newton based his future work upon Galileo 's work .
This was a major departure from Aristotle 's belief that heavier objects are accelerated faster .
Galileo 's work set the stage for the formulation of Newton 's theory of gravity .
General relativity has had a lot of success because of how its predictions of phenomena not called for by the theory of gravity have been proven .
General relativity has enjoyed much success because of how its predictions of phenomena which are not called for by the theory of gravity have been regularly confirmed .
The terms are used in place of each other daily .
The terms are mostly interchangeable in everyday use .
Gravitation is a natural phenomenon and one of the fundamental forces where all objects with mass attract each other .
Gravitation is a natural phenomenon and one of the fundamental forces by which all objects with mass attract each other .
In World War II and he was made commander of the 20th Brigade that helped beat Erwin Rommell 's Afrika Korps in Libya .
His father was working man from Ireland .
His father was also called John Murray and his mother was called Margaret .
He then joined the Australian Citizens Military Forces where he served two years before joining the 33rd Regiment in 1913 .
John Murray was already in the Australian Army when World War I started on 28 July 1914 .
The 5th Division was soon moved from Egypt to France where they were put into the hard fighting of the Western Front .
By 19 July 1916 Murray 's 53rd Battalion were in the first fighting by the Australian Imperial Force on the Western Front .
It was the Battle of Fromelles .
Murray was still fighting on the Western Front when peace started 11 November 1918 .
He was chosen for the Second Australian Imperial Force in April 1940 and was given power of the 20th Brigade which went by ship to the Middle East in October 1940 to begin training in Palestine .
Blamey ordered Murray home to Australia where he recommended he be given a recruiting post .
It was found in 1907 by August Kopff .
It was discovered in 1907 by August Kopff .
Hubble Space Telescope sightings of Hektor in 1993 did not show an obvious stretched shape because of a limited angular resolution .
Hubble Space Telescope observations of Hektor in 1993 did not show an obvious bilobated shape because of a limited angular resolution .
Younha made her debut at the age of sixteen .
She developed an interest in Japanese drama shows and began to teach herself Japanese .
Her mother also discouraged her dream and even locked her bedroom door to prevent Younha from leaving the house .
Houkiboshi to Go !
Younha made her debut as an artist at the young age of sixteen .
She developed an interest in Japanese Drama and began to teach herself Japanese .
Younha was also chosen to sing the ending theme to the anime Jyu Oh Sei .
The song Kaerimichi released on My Lover is the first song released for which she wrote the lyrics and composed the music for .
Younha released a digital Korean single titled Audition .
Younha was once again chosen to be an anime theme singer for Kiba .
The song Hakanaku Tsuyoku was used as the second opening for the show .
The single was released on 17 January 2007 .
The song Kaerimichi released on her fifth single My Lover is the first song released for which she wrote the lyrics and composed the music for .
Younha released a digital Korean single titled Audition .
Younha was once again chosen to be an anime theme songstress for Kiba .
The term Cistercian is used to refer to a follower of Roman Catholic monks .
The term Cistercian is used to refer to a follower of Roman Catholic religious order .
Sometimes their rules were more strict than those St Benedict had given .
Hughes was one of the writers and artists whose work was called the Harlem Renaissance .
When Langston Hughes was 17 he went to spend some time with his father in Mexico .
He was so unhappy while he was there that he thought about committing suicide .
Hughes could not understand how his father felt .
Hughes ' father was a lawyer and a wealthy landowner .
He could afford to send his son to university but he made difficulties about it .
He said that Hughes could only go to university if he went overseas and studied engineering .
Hughes wanted to go to university in the US .
Hughes was one of the writers and artists wose work was called the Harlem Renaissance .
Hughes spent a brief period of time with his father in Mexico in 1919 .
James Hughes did not support his son 's desire to be a writer .
Hughes was one of the writers and artists whose work was called the Harlem Renaissance .
His parents were James Nathaniel Hughes and Carrie Langston Hughes who was a teacher .
Langston 's Grandmother was a great story teller .
These were the people that he later wrote about in his own stories .
The teacher talked to them about poetry .
She said that what a poem needed most was rhythm .
The children made him the class poet .
He loved the poetry of the American poets Paul Laurence Dunbar and Carl Sandburg .
When Langston Hughes was 17 he went to spend some time with his father in Mexico .
He was so unhappy while he was there that he thought about committing suicide .
Hughes could not understand how his father felt .
Hughes ' father was a lawyer and a wealthy landowner .
He could afford to send his son to university but he made difficulties about it .
He said that Hughes could only go to university if he went overseas and studied engineering .
Hughes wanted to go to university in the US .
Until 1926 Hughes did many different types of work .
Hughes is sometimes called The Busboy Poet .
Virile young men of very dark complexion fascinated him .
His ashes are interred beneath a floor medallion in the middle of the foyer leading to the auditorium named for him within the Arthur Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture in Harlem .
April 2002 .
The design on the floor covering his cremated remains is an African cosmogram titled Rivers .
The title is taken from the poem The Negro Speaks of Rivers by Hughes .
Within the center of the cosmogram and precisely above the ashes of Hughes are the words My soul has grown deep like the rivers .
The dedication does not appear in later printings of the poem .
In The Collected Poems of Langston Hughes .
My soul has grown deep like the rivers .
I bathed in the Euphrates when dawns were young .
I built my hut near the Congo and it lulled me to sleep .
I looked upon the Nile and raised the pyramids above it .
My soul has grown deep like the rivers .
Devoted to Younger Negro Artists .
If white people are pleased we are glad .
We know we are beautiful .
The Darker Brother .
The Collected Poems of Langston Hughes .
Permeating his work is pride in the African American identity and its diverse culture .
In The Collected Poems of Langston Hughes .
So the faces of my people .
Langston Hughes was one of the few black writers of any consequence to champion racial consciousness as a source of inspiration for black artists .
Her patronage of Hughes ended about the time the novel appeared .
Langston Hughes .
Hughes first collection of short stories came in 1934 with The Ways of White Folks .
Hughes stayed a year in a cottage Sullivan provided for him to work in .
Langston Hughes .
Langston Hughes .
And I have letters from him that reveal he could respond with real rage when he felt he was treated cruelly by other people .
The Darker Brother .
In The Collected Poems of Langston Hughes .
What happens to a dream deferred ?
And then run ?
Does it stink like rotten meat ?
Or does it explode ?
Langstons 's misgivings about the new black writing mainly concerned its emphasis on black criminality and on profanity .
Hughes ' posthumously published Panther and the Lash in 1967 was intended to show solidarity and understanding with these writers but with more skill and absent of the most virile anger and terse racial chauvinism some showed toward whites .
This clearly shows that Hughes saw the good in some whites and was not entirely militant in his thought .
An Analization of Langston Hughes .
He never stopped thinking about the rest of us .
Hughes was inducted into the National Institute of Arts and Letters in 1961 .
Without a sound .
Take care !
The long white snake of greed has struck to kill !
Be wise !
The future lies .
In The Collected Poems of Langston Hughes .
Awakening to action .
Beneath the slaver 's whip .
That day is past .
Of a thieving people .
That day is past .
Relief was found .
That day is past .
With the dream .
Shall be one !
The Worker 's World !
The past is done !
Hughes would also manage to travel to China and Japan before returning home to the States .
He came to support the war effort and black American involvement in it after coming to understand that blacks would also be contributing to their struggle for civil rights at home .
But he had changed his mind about all that .
In 1959 came the publication of his Selected Poems .
Absent from this group of poems was his most controversial work .
Hughes ' iconic status in African American literature is contingent on his heterosexuality .
Hughes ' Dream Harlem by producer and director Jamal Joseph and distributed through California Newsreel is another such film where Hughes ' steadfast racial pride and artistic independence is discussed .
The Weary Blues .
Fine Clothes to the Jew .
The Dream Keeper and Other Poems .
Shakespeare in Harlem .
Freedom 's Plow .
Fields of Wonder .
Montage of a Dream Deferred .
Selected Poems of Langston Hughes .
The Collected Poems of Langston Hughes .
Not Without Laughter .
The Ways of White Folks .
Simple Speaks His Mind .
Simple Takes a Wife .
Simple Stakes a Claim .
The Best of Simple .
Simple 's Uncle Sam .
Something in Common and Other Stories .
Short Stories of Langston Hughes .
The Big Sea .
Famous American Negroes .
I Wonder as I Wander .
Famous Negro Heroes of America .
Little Ham .
Emperor of Haiti .
Do n't You Want to be Free ?
Tambourines to glory .
Simply Heavenly .
Black Nativity .
Five Plays by Langston Hughes .
The First Book of the Negroes .
The First Book of Jazz .
The First Book of Rhythms .
The First Book of the West Indies .
First Book of Africa .
The Langston Hughes Reader .
The Collected Works of Langston Hughes .
Remembering Langston .
A Historical Guide to Langston Hughes .
A Langston Hughes Encyclopedia .
In Ask Your Mama !
Gay Voices of the Harlem Renaissance .
Encyclopedia of the Harlem Renaissance .
Do n't You Want to be Free ?
Do not You Want to be Free ?
Pope John XXIII started it in 1962 .
It opened under Pope John XXIII in 1962 and closed under Pope Paul VI in 1965 .
A shrine at which offerings are made is called an altar .
He also borrowed from his brother Barthel 's rather more original works .
A paladin or paladine was a person with a lot of power in many countries during the medieval and in early modern Europe .
The word paladin was also used in 19th century Hungary and in the German Empire and United Kingdom during the early 20th century .
Similar titles were also used in 19th century Hungary and in the German Empire and United Kingdom during the early 20th century .
Brockhaus Other uses are the titles of mayor of the palace and count palatine .
The original Middle French form is palaisin .
All Carolingian paladine stories feature paladins by the names of Roland and Oliver .
Tales of the paladins of Charlemagne once rivalled the stories of King Arthur and the knights of the Round Table in popularity .
The Celtic revival of the 1880s benefitted the Arthurian material and encouraged its reworking and recirculation .
The series has been lauded as a bridge between the squeaky clean John Wayne genre and the darker persona of The Man with No Name played by Clint Eastwood .
The paladins of the imperial guard were named after the Scholae Palatinae .
The Paladines of the Imperial Guard were named after its neighboring Scholae Palatinae .
Originally the term paladine was applied to the Chamberlains and to some troops guarding the palace of the Roman emperor .
The count palatine was the official representative at proceedings of the court such as oath takings or judicial sentences and was in charge of the records of those developments .
In the ninth century Carolingean rule came to an end and the title of Holy Roman emperor with it .
About a century later the title was resurrected by Otto I though the new empire was now centered in Germany rather than France .
Some role playing games now use paladins as a character class that you can choose when starting a new game .
Typically a paladin has both melee and healing abilities .
People have said that the pickup truck is very much like a space shuttle because of its usefulness .
People have said that the pickup truck is very much like a space shuttle because it has so many uses .
People have said that the pickup truck is very much like a Shuttle because of its usefulness .
Costa Coffee is a coffee house company in the United Kingdom .
Mendoza is the capital city of the Mendoza Province in Argentina .
Mendoza is a capital city of the Mendoza Province in Argentina .
A compilation album is an album of songs .
A software license is a agreement between a software publisher and a user of the software .
A software license allows a user to use one or more copies of the software in ways that would be otherwise be against the law .
A software license is a agreement between a software publisher and an user of the software .
A software license allows an user to use one or more copies of software in ways which would be against the law .
The publication of the Seth books established her as an important person in the world of the paranormal .
The publication of the Seth texts established her as one a very important figure in the world of the paranormal .
It performs most of its concerts at the Avery Fisher Hall in New York .
At the end of each season they divided any money the orchestra had earned amongst themselves .
It was the first time this work had been sung in English anywhere in the world .
It was some time before the orchestra got their concert hall .
Many people thought Beethoven 's 9th symphony was a strange piece of music because the choir only sing in the last movement which is called Ode to Joy .
Seidl had worked as Wagner 's and was famous for conducting Wagner 's music .
During his time the orchestra were given regular salaries for the first time .
In 1971 Pierre Boulez became the first Frenchman to have the job of conductor of the Philharmonic .
In his first subscription week he conducted the first ever performance of John Adams ' On the Transmigration of Souls .
It performs most of its concerts at Avery Fisher Hall in New York .
At the end of the season they divided any money the orchestra had earned amongst themselves .
It was the first time this had been done anywhere in the world .
Many people thought it was a strange piece of music because the choir only sing in the last movement which is called Ode to Joy .
They persuaded Gustav Mahler to be principal conductor .
During his time the orchestra were given guaranteed salaries for the first time .
In 1971 Pierre Boulez became the first Frenchman have the job of conductor of the Philharmonic .
It was found and discribed by a group of 3 German scientists and a Vietnamese sicientist in 2002 .
It was discovered and discribed by a group of 3 German scientists and a Vietnamese sicientist in 2002 .
Coffee is one of the world 's major commodity crops and is the major export product of some countries .
Coffee ranks as one of the world 's major commodity crops and is the major export product of some countries .
In 2004 he was in Guinness Book of World Records as youngest person who been to all countries in world .
Giuliano 's writings have also included lighter topics .
Most of his later travels were related to his journalistic work .
As of 2004 the Guinness Book of World Records listed him as the youngest person to have visited all sovereign nations of the world .
Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko created the character .
Zach Tyler Eisen does the voice .
Aang is the show 's main protagonist .
Aang also appeared in the pilot episode The Boy In The Iceburg .
Aang also appeared in the pilot episode The Boy In The Iceburg which has been shown .
Aang is a fictional character in Nickelodeon 's television series ' .
Zach Tyler Eisen does Aang 's voice .
Aang is the show 's main character .
Aang is a fictional character in Nickelodeon 's animated television series ' .
Zach Tyler Eisen does the voice .
Aang is the show 's main protagonist .
Aang is the last living Airbender .
They were the only race of people who could control the air .
He is 112 years old .
This is the spirit of the planet in human form .
The show follows Aang 's journeys to do this .
He is also a supercentenarian at the age of 112 .
The show follows Aang 's journeys to complete this task .
Aang 's character appeared in the ' .
Aang 's character appeared in the ' on a multitude of cards .
Aang is a fictional character and the hero in Nickelodeon 's TV show ' .
They were the only race of people who could control the air .
This is the spirit of the planet in human form .
His lighthearted personality has been praised critics .
The creators wanted Aang to defeat enemies with his wits and be a trickster hero .
Aang is a fictional character and main character in Nickelodeon 's television series ' .
They were the only one who could control the air .
His lighthearted personality has been accepted well among critics .
The creators intendedAang to defeat enemies with his wits and be a trickster hero .
The review says later that the show continues to focus on a more realistic character instead of a perfect one by showing many weaknesses in his character .
Aang is a fictional character and the main hero in Nickelodeon 's television series ' .
Aang also is in the first episode The Boy In The Iceberg .
Aang is the last Airbender .
He shows hesitation when joining his friends to save the world from the Fire Nation .
The creators wanted Aang to win enemies with his wits and be a trickster hero .
Aang is a fictional character and the hero in Nickelodeon 's TV show ' .
Aang also appeared in the first episode The Boy In The Iceberg .
The creators wanted Aang to defeat enemies with his wits and be a trickster hero .
The creators of the show made Aang to be frozen in an iceberg for 1000 years .
The creators of the show intended Aang to be frozen in an iceberg for 1000 years .
Aang 's character showed in the ' .
Aang 's character showed in the ' on many cards .
Aang also is in the first episode The Boy In The Iceberg .
She is now on road with the stage play tour Rumors .
Wood 's acting has drawn critical praise and has been described by The Guardian newspaper as being wise beyond her years and as one of the best actresses of her generation .
The Carbon Footprint relates to the amount of carbon emissions human activity is leaving on the Earth .
The use of carbon based resources is usually applied to the pollution caused by using fossil fuels .
This also results in the greenhouse effect .
The Carbon Footprint relates to the amount of the gas carbon dioxide which a human being or an organization or a specific activity releases into the earth 's atmosphere .
Reducing one 's carbon footprint should contribute to slowing down global warming .
The carbon footprint is how much carbon emissions are left on the Earth by human activity .
The Carbon Footprint relates to the amount of carbon emissions human activity is leaving on the Earth .
Ashoka was an Indian emperor who ruled over most of India after managing to win it though Military fighting .
He was a Buddhism and was later one of the main helpers in spreading Buddhism across Asia .
He was later dedicated in the propagation of Buddhism across Asia and established monuments marking several significant sites in the life of Gautama Buddha .
His name means without sorrow in Sanskrit .
The Knight in the Panther 's Skin has been translated into many languages .
The record company Spinefarm got interested in the band and then their first album Midnattens Widunder was recorded .
That summer Finntroll played their first open air festivals in Finland .
The year after the release of the album Jaktens Tid the band coudl n't go on .
He had drunk too much alcohol .
The guitarist Mikael Karlbom replaced Raimoranta .
This album had more epic keyboard riffs to make it sound more like polka .
The guitarist Mikael Karlbom was used as a replacement for Raimoranta .
This fifth album put more emphasis on epic keyboard riffs make better from the polka elements .
Former vocalist Katla was brought in to write the lyrics for this album .
The word Household Cavalry is used all over the Commonwealth to talk about the cavalry of the Household Division .
The Household Division is a country 's highest or historically senior military groupings or those military groupings that provide functions associated directly with the Head of state .
Songs for Polarbears is the first album by the alternative rock band Snow Patrol .
It was released on March 5 2001 .
It resembles ritual fighting as it avoids things that will likely lead to serious injury .
Wrestling resembles ritual fighting as it avoids techniques that will likely lead to serious injury .
This also strongly suggests that Interamnia is big enough to have fully withstood all the collisions that have happened in the asteroid belt since the Solar System was made .
This also strongly suggests that Interamnia is large enough to have fully withstood all the collisions that have occurred in the asteroid belt since the Solar System was formed .
Its very dark surface and fairly far distance form the Sun means Interamnia can never be seen with 10x50 binoculars .
Its very dark surface and relatively large distance form the Sun means Interamnia can never be seen with 10x50 binoculars .
It plays an octave lower than the normal clarinet .
The most famous Archbishop was probably the last to rule as a prince .
At the moment she plays on a Guadagnini made in 1750 which she bought in summer 2004 .
Currently she plays on a Guadagnini 1750 which she purchased in summer 2004 .
The road sees more traffic than any other interstate in Hawaii .
The route is long .
It is the westernmost interstate highway in the United States .
Astronomers are not sure what its spectral class is .
There is some uncertainty as to its spectral class .
Richard was taught the Book of Counted Shadows as a little boy by his father .
Boundary wardens are who keep people from getting too close to the boundary .
Chase leads them to the pass .
Richard was taught the Book of Counted Shadows as a little boy .
Boundary wardens are people who keep people from going too close to the boundary .
Chase then leads them to the pass .
Social status .
The Origin of Status Hierarchy .
It especially means that the person 's knowledge is not restricted to one subject area .
A polymath studies many different kinds of knowledge .
Other names for a polymath are universal genius and Renaissance man .
But polymaths have been known since ancient times .
He was one of the first people to perform scientific experiments in a modern manner .
He was also a statesman and a soldier .
Someone may ask for a political asylum when it is frightened to live in his own country .
He then will go to another country .
If he is allowed to live in the new country this is called political asylum .
Membership of a particular social group or social activities .
Economic refugees are often an easy target for some politicians and newspapers who say that economic refugees take jobs from people who live in the country .
A person can ask for political asylum when it is frightened to live in its own country and therefore has gone to another country .
If it is allowed to live in the new country this is called political asylum .
Economic refugees are often an easy target for some politicians and newspapers who accuse economic refugees of taking jobs from people who live in the country .
It is one of the original provinces of the Union of South Africa from 1910 until 1994 with capital in Pretoria .
Niederwil is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Niederwil is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Nunningen is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Nunningen is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Oberdorf is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Oberdorf is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Loggerheads mate while they are moving in the seas mostly from March to June every 2 or 3 years .
When they are ready to lay eggs female Loggerheads always come back to the same beach where they came out of their eggs as babies .
Most loggerheads lay eggs in June and July .
Most lay between 100 and 126 eggs .
When they come out of the eggs baby Loggerheads are called hatchlings .
The hatchlings follow light from the morning sun to the sea .
When they are hibernating they can stay under the water for up to seven hours before coming up for air .
Loggerheads live 30 to 50 years or more .
Loggerheads mate while they are traveling in the oceans mostly from March to June every two or three years .
When they are ready to lay eggs female Loggerheads always return to the same beach where they hatched .
This is mostly in June and July .
They will usually lay between 100 and and 126 eggs .
When they are born baby Loggerheads are called hatchlings .
The hatchlings follow light from the morning sun to the ocean .
When they are hibernating they can stay underwater for up to seven hours before coming up for air .
Loggerheads usually live 30 to 50 years and often more .
It is from the animal family Cheloniidae .
Loggerheads live in the seas around the world .
The Loggerhead Sea Turtle is a type of turtle from the animal family Cheloniidae .
He became famous for a series of colored prints of the Seven Wonders of the World .
His father was a farmer .
One of the artists who influenced Marten van Heemskerck at this time was Jan Mabuse who had traveled to Italy and had seen the paintings of famous artists from Florence and Venice .
Marten began to copy the style of Mabuse 's paintings .
The city that was to have the most influence on Marten van Heemskerck was Rome .
He was very interested in the ruins left from the time of the Ancient Romans .
He made many drawings of the ruined buildings and other things that he saw .
The most famous artist who was alive at this time was Michelangelo .
He was mainly a sculptor but he had spent five years painting the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel .
He was so influenced by the figures that Michelangelo had painted that he designed a series of pictures called Twelve Panels showing Strong Men from Mythology and Biblical History .
This is like a person who paints the scenery in a theater .
Charles V had coming to Rome and was going to have a triumphal procession .
The streets of the city were decorated with archways for the emperor to pass under .
The writer Giorgio Vasari saw some battle scenes that he painted and wrote that they were well composed and boldly painted .
He returned to the Netherlands and lived at Haarlem where he settled down and married twice .
In 1540 became president of his Guild of Painters .
This custom was believed to bring peace to the dead person .
He also left some land to help an orphanage in the city .
Many works by Marten van Heemskerck can still be seen .
These pictures were done before he went to Italy .
He is famous because he painted the Seven Wonders of the World .
He was born at Heemskerk in Holland .
He showed his wish to leave home forever by walking in a single day the 50 miles to the town of Delft .
There he studied under a local master whom he soon deserted for Jan van Scorel of Haarlem .
At Haarlem he formed what is known as his first manner .
This looks like a style brought from Italy by Mabuse and others .
He then started on a wandering tour .
On his return to the Netherlands he settled at Haarlem .
He married twice .
It was a superstition which still exists in Catholic Holland that a marriage so celebrated would secure the peace of the dead within the tomb .
There are still many works of Heemskerk around .
But he never forgot the while his Dutch origin or the models first presented to him by Schoreel and Mabuse .
In England the master is best known by his drawings .
A comparatively feeble picture by him is the Last Judgment in the palace of Hampton Court .
Hundreds were killed instantly by the impact .
It crashed into the North Tower of the World Trade Center .
One of the hijackers was a trained pilot .
He took the controls of the aircraft and flew it into the North Tower .
The attack killed and injured thousands of other people .
One of the hijackers was a trained pilot and he took the controls of the aircraft and flew it into the North Tower .
The attack killed and injured thousands of people .
The said the hijackers had hurt two of the other attendants and killed an Israeli passenger .
The rest were trapped and died from the fire and smoke or the collapse of the tower .
Some died after jumping from the building .
News organizations at first reported an explosion at the World Trade Center .
Rescue workers at the site began to discover remains of bodies from Flight 11 victims soon after the attack .
Others discovered the body of a flight attendant with her hands tied up which meant the hijackers may have used handcuffs .
He said he believed the towers would collapse .
The attack killed and injured thousands of other people .
The said the hijackers had stabbed two of the other attendants and killed an Israeli passenger .
News organizations at first reported an explosion or incident at the World Trade Center .
Rescue workers at the site began to discover body fragments from Flight 11 victims within days of the attack .
Others discovered the body of a flight attendant with her hands bound which meant the hijackers may have used handcuffs .
Flying the aircraft was pilot John Ogonowski and first officer Thomas McGuinness .
A few of the crew was pilot John Ogonowski and first officer Thomas McGuinness .
The damage to the North Tower made it so that people could not from above where the aircraft had crashed .
Hundreds were killed right away by the .
The rest either were trapped and died from the fire and smoke or the collapse of the tower .
Some died after they jumped from the building .
A webcam set up at an art in Brooklyn to take pictures of Lower Manhattan every four seconds also filmed Flight 11 crashing into the North Tower .
News organizations first reported an explosion at the World Trade Center .
The damage caused to the North Tower meant people could not from above where the aircraft had crashed .
Hundreds were killed instantly by the .
The rest were trapped and died from the fire and smoke or the collapse of the tower .
Some died after jumping from the building .
A webcam set up at an art in Brooklyn to take pictures of Lower Manhattan every four seconds also recorded Flight 11 crashing into the North Tower .
News organizations at first reported an explosion at the World Trade Center .
Tekken 4 is also the first game of the Tekken series when the player hears a narrator in the beginning of Story Mode .
Some may appear in the epilogue of a characters ending .
Tekken 4 is also the first game of the Tekken series when the player hears a narrator in the beginning of Story Mode .
Some may appear in the epilogue of a characters ending .
Indigofera is a big genus of about 700 species of flowering plants .
They mostly grown tropical areas of the world .
Indigofera is a large genus of about 700 species of flowering plants .
They mostly growin tropical regions of the world .
Add a 0 tab to the top of the page .
This tab lets you edit the first section of the page .
Add a 0 tab to the top of the page which lets you edit the first section of the page .
Raw is also currently being aired on Etv in South Africa .
It airs on Canal VTV in El Salvador and on Premiere in Germany and in Honduras on Canal 5 .
The original Raw broke new ground in televised professional wrestling .
The show also featured an interview with Razor Ramon .
The combination of an intimate venue and live action proved highly successful .
This meant that Raw was live one week and taped the next .
Sean Mooney conducted the interviews and Bobby The Brain Heenan also helped contribute .
This was also the night that Nitro aired a WCW World Championship match in which Kevin Nash blatantly laid down for Hulk Hogan after Hogan poked him in the chest .
A new television contract with Viacom led to a WWF change in the broadcast .
WCW 's sharp decrease in revenue and ratings led to Time Warner 's sale of the company to the WWF in 2001 .
The last version of Nitro was shown on March 26 2001 .
The show began with Vince McMahon making a short statement about his recent purchase of WCW and ended with a simulcast on Raw on TNN with an appearance by Vince 's son Shane McMahon on Nitro .
It also symbolized that professional wrestling 's Monday Night Wars were over .
Raw and SmackDown !
This freed Styles to become a commentator for the ECW brand when it launched in June .
Spotlights were the only lights running in the house .
Power in the presentation was later back .
The episode also featured talent from the SmackDown !
This was the first time that Raw had been shown with no viewers and had Vince McMahon breaking kayfabe to address the viewers at home .
Several channels announced the episode was being withheld for legal reasons .
The episode started with a message from Vince McMahon which originally aired on the June 26 edition of ECW .
WWE Friday Night SmackDown !
WWE Raw is the 15 year running Monday night pro wrestling program for World Wrestling Entertainment .
It is considered WWE 's main program over it 's sister shows SmackDown !
It currently airs in the United States on Monday nights at 9pm on the USA Network .
It was first a preparatory school for students later sent by the government to study in the United States .
The faculty members for sciences were recruited by the YMCA from the United States and its graduates transferred directly to American schools as juniors upon graduation .
In 1925 the school established its College Department and started its research institute on Chinese Study .
It did not resume its normal operation until 1977 when the Cultural Revolution was officially put to an end .
Most Chinese university rankings place Tsinghua first in China .
Admission to Tsinghua is highly competitive .
The majority of selected students are national scholars and among the brightest high school graduates in the country .
Former Premier Zhu Rongji was the founding dean of the school .
The University 's Institute of Nuclear and New Energy Technology is on a separate campus in a northern suburb of Beijing .
It is known throughout China for having one of the most beautiful campuses .
The best in all the land .
And you will say the same .
May we be loyal to the Purple and the White .
The song was then adopted as the school 's official Alma Mater .
Tsinghua must win .
Tsinghua University has produced many notable graduates .
It was established in 1911 as a school for Chinese graduates wanting to go further with their studies at American universities .
The people who graduated were transferred directly to American schools as juniors upon graduation .
It was first a preparatory school for students later sent by the government to study in the United States .
The faculty members for sciences were recruited by the YMCA from the United States and its graduates transferred directly to American schools as juniors upon graduation .
In 1925 the school established its College Department and started its research institute on Chinese Study .
Most Chinese university rankings place TsingHua first in China .
Most Chinese university rankings place Tsinghua first in China .
The Saturnian moon Rhea may have a thin ring system with three narrow bands in a disk of solid particles .
The Saturnian moon Rhea may have a tenuous ring system consisting of three narrow bands embedded in a disk of solid particles .
This would be the first rings seen around a moon .
This would be the first discovery of rings around a moon .
In November of 2005 the Cassini orbiter found that Saturn 's magnetosphere near Rhea did n't have energetic electrons .
In November of 2005 the Cassini orbiter found that Saturn 's magnetosphere near Rhea is depleted of energetic electrons .
Voyager 1 saw an area without as many energetic electrons trapped in Saturn 's magnetic field downstream from Rhea in 1980 .
Voyager 1 observed a broad depletion of energetic electrons trapped in Saturn 's magnetic field downstream from Rhea in 1980 .
Cassinis flyby path makes interpretation of the magnetic readings difficult .
Cassinis flyby trajectory makes interpretation of the magnetic readings difficult .
These symmetric dips bear some similarity to the way by which the Rings of Uranus were found in 1977 .
These symmetric dips bear some similarity to the method by which the Rings of Uranus were discovered in 1977 .
Many suggestions have been made for the possible origin of rings .
Several suggestions have been made for the possible origin of rings .
Fates i wass best known as the executive producer of What 's My Line ?
He also wrote a book called What 's My Line ?
The History of America 's Most Famous Panel Show .
These weapons make Mario Kart different from other racing games .
It is when one object in the sky moves into the shadow of another such object .
This means that three or more objects in the sky are lined up in a straight line in the same gravitational system .
It is when one celestial object moves into the shadow of another celestial object .
Any speed lower than the speed of sound inside a sound giving medium is called subsonic .
Aircraft flying at airspeeds lower than the speed of sound in air is subsonic flight .
It is the longest river in Antarctica .
It is 30 kilometers long .
It is the biggest river in Antarctica .
The biggest of those companies was the American electronics manufacturer Timex who produced three different Spectrum based computers .
Sinclair Research made ZX computers until 1990 but other companies around the world copied the ZX and made many versions after that .
Sinclair Research made ZX computers until 1990 but other companies around the world copied the ZX and made many versions .
Engines need oil to make them slippery or the moving parts would grind together and stick .
Engines need oil to make them slippery or the parts that move would grind together and stick .
These snakes can be found in tropical and subtropical regions around the world .
They can also be found in the Indian Ocean and the Pacific .
The mouth of the Don River has been very impotant since the ancient times .
It has been important for cultural reasons and for trade .
This fortress was named Azov .
It was named after Saint Dimitry of Rostov .
The settlement near the fortress became more important than the fortress .
It was the commercial center of the region .
The Don River that the city is named afrer is a major shipping lane .
The city then also engulfed the nearby Armenian town of Nor Nakhijevan .
The mouth of the Don River has been of great commercial and cultural importance since the ancient times .
They have the Grammy Awards here every year .
The arena has been the home of the annual Grammy Awards .
A lot of Internet forums have rules such as spaming and trolling .
The highest ranking is an administrator who can add topics to the forum .
Internet forums are often used to show people information .
Nabta Playa was once a large basin in the Nubian Desert .
NASA Many archaeological sites have been found there .
NASA Today the region is characterized by numerous archaeological sites .
Early people may have come here because there was water available .
These peoples were growing domesticated cattle and using ceramic pottery .
The ceramics had complicated painted patterns on them .
These patterns may have been made by using combs .
They also used deep wells for water .
Huts are found built in straight rows .
There were also many large hearths at this time .
Findings also show that the region was occupied only seasonally .
Some people think that this cattle cult in Nabta Playa may be related to Ancient Egypt 's Hathor cult .
An example of this connection may be that Hathor was worshipped as a nighttime protector in desert regions .
A lake formed .
These peoples were growing domesticated cattle and using ceramics .
They also relied on deep wells for sources of water .
Huts are found constructed in straight rows .
Many large hearths also appear .
It has been suggested that the associated cattle cult indicated in Nabta Playa marks an early evolution of Ancient Egypt 's Hathor cult .
A video card is a special circuit board that controls what is shown on a computer monitor .
Some video cards can show television stations on a computer monitor .
Video cards make it easier for the computer to show detailed graphics .
A video card is a circuit board and controls output to a computer monitor .
Some video cards can output television stations on a computer monitor .
By area the province is greater in area than Sierra Leone but smaller than Panama .
The province was created in 1901 during British rule when it was separated from a united Punjab province of the British India Empire .
The province was created in 1901 during British rule when it was separated from a united Punjab province of British India Empire .
The Taito Corporation is an of coin operated video games .
They also made vending machines for the vodka and peanuts .
In 1973 Taito made Pro Hockey and Soccer video games as well as Elepong .
Elepong was the first Japananese designed coin operated game .
The Taito Corporation is a pioneer of coin operated video games .
They made vending machines for their imports .
In 1973 Taito made Pro Hockey and Soccer video games and Elepong .
Elepong was Japans first coin operated game .
The term Union Council may be used for areas that are part of cities .
The last one is is a civil servant appointed by the state .
The term Union Council may be used for localities that are part of cities .
The latter is a civil servant appointed by the state .
This created many branding opportunities and television coverage leading up to the event at the Citrus Bowl .
This alone made WrestleMania XXIV the highest money making event in the history of the Citrus Bowl .
This whould change it to a Triple Threat match .
Two giant screens were placed above the ring on the lighting rig .
These changes built because of the weather were eventually not needed as there was no rain during the event .
Two giant screens will be featured above the ring on the lighting rig .
WWE and the city of Orlando had parties and events for more than five days in the central Florida area .
The Undertaker won the Elimination Chamber to get a title match against Edge at WrestleMania .
Qualifying matches happened to find out the participants in the match .
Jeff Hardy won against Snitsky on the February 18 version of RAW .
Shelton Benjamin won against Jimmy Wang Yang on the February 22 version of SmackDown .
Chris Jericho won against Jeff Hardy on the February 25 version of RAW .
Carlito won against Cody Rhodes on the March 3 version of RAW .
John Morrison won against The Miz on the March 14 version of SmackDown .
Two big screens were placed above the ring on the lighting rig .
These changes built because of the weather were later not needed as there was no rain during the event .
Kane won by last eliminating Mark Henry to get a ECW Championship match against Chavo Guerrero later on that night .
Punk won by finding the briefcase suspended above the ring .
The Undertaker won the Elimination Chamber to earn a title match against Edge at WrestleMania .
Qualifying matches occurred to determine the participants in the match .
Jeff Hardy defeated Snitsky on the February 18 edition of RAW .
Shelton Benjamin defeated Jimmy Wang Yang on the February 22 edition of SmackDown .
Chris Jericho defeated Jeff Hardy on the February 25 edition of RAW .
Carlito defeated Cody Rhodes on the March 3 edition of RAW .
John Morrison defeated The Miz on the March 14 edition of SmackDown .
Two giant screens were placed above the ring on the lighting rig .
These changes built because of the weather were eventually not needed as there was no rain during the event .
Kane won by last eliminating Mark Henry to gain a ECW Championship match against Chavo Guerrero later on that night .
Punk won by retrieving the briefcase suspended above the ring .
The tagline was The Biggest WrestleMania Under the Sun .
Tickets went on sale to the public on November 3 2007 .
Regal accepted and chose Umaga to represent Raw at WrestleMania XXIV .
Qualifying matches were done to find out who were the participants in the match .
The first announced participant was The Great Khali .
WrestleMania XXIV marks the first WrestleMania in which the ECW Championship will be defended .
Jeff Hardy won against Snitsky on the February 18 version of Raw .
Chris Jericho won against Jeff Hardy on the February 25 version of Raw .
Carlito won against Cody Rhodes on the March 3 version of Raw .
CM Punk won against Big Daddy V on the March 11 version of ECW .
The event officially began with John Legend singing a rendition of America the Beautiful .
The match featured many dangerous spots .
Jericho also performed his Walls of Jericho on Morrison on top of a ladder .
Kennedy delivered his Mic Check to Punk off a ladder .
Batista won the match by pinning Umaga after hitting him with his Batista Bomb .
The fourth match for the event featured Chavo Guerrero defending his ECW Championship against Kane .
Kane surprised Chavo by emerging from underneath the ring instead of from the entrance stage .
Ric Flair put his career on the line next against Shawn Michaels .
Snoop Dogg served as the official Master of Ceremonies for this match .
Randy Orton defended his WWE Championship against Triple H and John Cena in a Triple Threat match next .
Orton dominated the match for some time .
The main event and last match of the night was Edge putting his World Heavyweight Championship on the line against the number one contender The Undertaker .
The bigger rig was dropped from the final design with the lighting and video screens now featuring on the tarpaulin rig as well as the sound system .
Up to seven generators were used to power up the show .
The set design for the entrance stage was at the north end of the stadium and consisted of another steel structure with various video screens hanging from it .
The steel beams for the structure were custom built in Belgium and shipped over to Orlando .
The fireworks were set off from boats on one of the lakes nearby the stadium .
WWE 's corporate website released a statement afterwards stating that they will investigate the incident .
Numerous other roads were also closed to allow trucks and fork lifts to move in mega equipment for the event .
Development on the set design began in the middle of 2007 .
The building of the actual set began in the middle of March .
The construction finished on March 29 .
Kane won by last eliminating Mark Henry to gain a ECW Championship match against Chavo Guerrero later on that night .
WWE and the city of Orlando had parties and events for more than five days in the central Florida area .
This created many branding opportunities and television coverage leading up to the event at the Citrus Bowl .
This alone made WrestleMania XXIV the highest money making event in the history of the Citrus Bowl .
This whould change it to a Triple Threat match .
Cena won the match after an FU to Orton .
The Undertaker won the Elimination Chamber to get a title match against Edge at WrestleMania .
Regal accepted and chose Umaga to represent RAW at WrestleMania XXIV .
Qualifying matches happened to find out the participants in the match .
Jeff Hardy won against Snitsky on the February 18 version of RAW .
Chris Jericho won against Jeff Hardy on the February 25 version of RAW .
Carlito won against Cody Rhodes on the March 3 version of RAW .
CM Punk defeated Big Daddy V on the March 11 edition of ECW .
Two big screens were placed above the ring on the lighting rig .
These changes built because of the weather were later not needed as there was no rain during the event .
Kane won by last eliminating Mark Henry to get a ECW Championship match against Chavo Guerrero later on that night .
Ertl and his wife Barbara have two children and several grandchildren .
His hobbies include playing the piano and also playing with his cats .
Professor Ertl studied physics at the Technical University of Stuttgart from 1955 to 1957 .
He studied at the University of Paris from 1957 to 1958 and then at Ludwig Maximillians University in Munich from 1958 to 1959 .
He returned to the Technical University of Stuttgart where he got a diplom of physics in 1961 .
Then he studied at the Technical University of Munich and got a PhD in 1965 .
Professor Ertl was awarded the Nobel prize for chemistry in 2007 for more studies of surface science .
He studied physics at the Technical University of Stuttgart from 1955 to 1957 .
He studied at the University of Paris from 1957 to 1958 and then at Ludwig Maximillians University in Munich from 1958 to 1959 .
He returned to the Technical University of Stuttgart earned a diplom of physics in 1961 .
Then he studied at the Technical University of Munich and earned a PhD in 1965 .
Professor Ertl was awarded the Nobel prize for chemistry in 2007 for more studies of surfaces sciences .
Ertl and his wife Barbara have two children and several grandchildren .
His hobbies include playing the piano and also playing with his cats .
The name Whitehall is often used for governmental administration and as a geographic name for the district around it .
Whitehall is also frequently used for governmental administration and as a geographic name for the surrounding district .
This blubber keeps them warm in cold water and allows them to survive when food is not easily found .
They live off the fat in the blubber .
The Trojan asteroids are a big group of asteroids that move around the Sun at the same distance as the planet Jupiter .
The biggest Trojan asteroid is named 624 Hektor .
The Trojan asteroids are a large group of asteroids that move around the Sun at the same distance as the planet Jupiter .
In 1904 Edward Emerson Barnard was the first person to see a Trojan asteroid .
The largest Trojan asteroid is named 624 Hektor .
This suggests that it was a clump of material that had disappeared by that time .
This suggests that it was a temporary clump of material that had disappeared by that time .
This suggests that it was a clump of material that had disappeared by that time .
This suggests that it was a temporary clump of material that had disappeared by that time .
It appears to be the best tracked object in this area with at least five possible sightings in the period till late 2005 .
It appears to be the best tracked object in this region with at least five probable sightings in the period till late 2005 .
It has been suggested that a spiral structure in the thinnest material around the F ring may have been a result of this .
It has been suggested that a spiral structure in the tenuous material surrounding the F ring may have been a consequence of this .
When the last Duke of Cleves died in 1609 that dukedom was taken by Brandenburg and after a short siege Soest was added into it .
When the last Duke of Cleves died in 1609 that dukedom was inherited by Brandenburg and after a short siege Soest was incorporated into it .
With the start of the Soest district in 1817 its influence slowly rose .
With the creation of the Soest district in 1817 its influence slowly rose .
There were also many Belgian Kasernes located in Soest itself .
The old Married Quarters area was changed to civilian housing .
There were also several Belgian Kasernes located in Soest itself .
The former Married Quarters area was converted to civilian housing .
The coat was not changed even after Soest no longer fell within the jurisdiction of Cologne .
The coat was not modified even after Soest no longer fell within the jurisdiction of Cologne .
It was the first major battle in the American Civil War to happeni n the northern states .
Old French was the Romance dialect continuum spoken in the northern half of modern France and parts of modern Belgium and Switzerland from around 1000 to 1300 .
Old French was the Romance dialect continuum spoken in the places of northern half of modern France and parts of modern Belgium and Switzerland from around 1000 to 1300 .
But her doctor gave her a letter to take to General George Washington that when she got better .
Washington gave her a letter that said that she had to leave .
But the said that served in the war with honor .
She worked as a teacher .
She also spoke in public about her experiences in the war .
She did that when she got better .
The gospel contains a lot of different materials to the other three gospels .
The gospel contains a lot of different materials from the other three gospels .
Some of them are used by many denominations .
Reformed doctrine is expressed in various confessions .
A few confessions are shared by many denominations .
A chain letter is a message that attempts to induce the recipient to make a number of copies of the letter and then pass them on to as many people as possible .
A chain letter is a message that attempts to induce the recipient to make a number of copies of the letter and then pass them on to as many recipients as possible .
He had left the station after a newscast the night before cheerful and upbeat in mood .
He had left the station following a newscast the night before cheerful and upbeat in mood .
He was a Bachelor of Arts graduate in weather at the University of Kansas .
The party was against many of Hamilton 's proposals concerning the Constitution .
Tartu is the second largest city in Estonia .
Tartu is the second largest city of Estonia .
This saves space while keeping the important information .
One way to calculate a discrete cosine transform is to use Fourier transformation .
This saves space while keeping the important information .
The Reign of Terror started on 5 September 1793 .
The most usual type of oil that is used in paint is linseed oil .
A picture that is painted using oil paint is called an oil painting .
Oil paint takes a long time to dry .
Artists find this useful because they can keep working on the painting for a long time .
Caves in Afghanistan are decorated with ancient paintings in paint mixed with oils .
It is believed that this type of paint was used in other countries of Asia as well .
Artists from the areas of modern Belgium and the Netherlands were the first artists to make oil painting their usual method of painting .
This trend spread to other parts of Northern Europe .
A famous painting called the Portinari Altarpiece by Hugo van der Goes arrived in Florence in the 1470s at a time when Leonardo da Vinci was young .
Artists from other parts of Italy visited Venice and soon the new method of painting spread .
This meant that it could be used on flexible surfaces like cloth without breaking away and falling off .
The gallery below shows works by some of the most famous artists who have worked in oil paint .
This means that the oil for painting and the cloth for painting on both come from the same plant .
The oil paint on the artist 's brushes is cleaned out with turpentine after use .
Modern chemists have made oil paints that can be used with water .
A painting should dry for several months before it is varnished .
An oil painting is not completely dry until it is 60 to 80 years old .
Varnishing used to be considered an important part of finishing a painting .
Many modern artists do n't varnish their pictures at all .
Linen canvas is the traditional surface for an oil painting .
The canvas must be stretched tightly over a frame called a stretcher and fixed into place with little tacks or staples .
Then it must be treated with a sort of glue called size .
This is often made from boiled rabbit skins .
Some artists like to paint on board rather than canvas .
The good thing about oil paint is that it can be used in all sorts of ways that most other types of paint can not be used .
Oil paint can be put on thin or thick .
The first European artists to use oils liked to make the surface very smooth .
He used every technique that is described in the list above .
This has continued through to Modern times .
Certain differences are also visible in the sheen of the paints depending on the oil .
Painters often use different oils in the same painting depending on specific pigments and effects desired .
The paints themselves also develop a particular feel depending on the medium .
Then the artist builds the figure in layers .
These variables are closely related to the expressive capacity of oil paint .
It is generally dry enough to be varnished in six months to a year .
Art conservators do not consider an oil painting completely dry until it is 60 to 80 years old .
Recent advances in chemistry have produced modern water miscible oil paints that can be used with and cleaned up with water .
Small alterations in the molecular structure of the oil creates this water miscible property .
The artist first prepares a wooden frame called a stretcher or strainer .
The canvas is then pulled across the wooden frame and tacked or stapled tightly to the back edge .
The next step is for the artist to apply a size to isolate the canvas from the acidic qualities of the paint .
Modern acrylic gesso is made of titanium dioxide with an acrylic binder .
Acrylic gesso is very difficult to sand .
Excessive or uneven gesso layers are sometimes visible in the surface of finished paintings as a change in the layer that 's not from the paint .
Standard sizes for oil paintings were set in France in the 19th century .
Thus a 0 figure corresponds in height with a paysage 1 and a marine 2 .
The artist might sketch an outline of their subject prior to applying pigment to the surface .
The various oils dry differently creating assorted effects .
Handling and mixing the raw pigments and mediums was prohibitive to transportation .
Artists could mix colors quickly and easily without having to grind their own pigments .
The artist most often uses a brush to apply the paint .
Brushes are made from a variety of fibers to create different effects .
Sizes of brushes also create different effects .
Bright brushes are used to apply broad swaths of color .
A palette knife may also be used to remove paint from the canvas when necessary .
Some artists even paint with their fingers .
Many artists use this layer to sketch out the composition .
The borders of the colors are blended together when the mosaic is completed .
This layer is then left to dry before applying details .
This method is also called Alla Prima .
An added feature to the first set was the ability for the OvalTron to be moved to either the left or right of the stage .
Long also showm that JBL was the number one contender for the World Heavyweight Championship .
The events of Hurricane Katrina affected the first version of Friday Night SmackDown !
On the April 7 2006 version of SmackDown !
On October 16 2007 it was said that the SmackDown !
On February 8 2008 it was reported that World Wrestling Entertainment and The CW had ended agreements to keep Friday Night SmackDown !
WWE stated that agreements with other networks has begun and that Friday Night SmackDown !
On February 26 WWE issued a press release saying Friday Night SmackDown !
An added feature to the original set was the ability for the OvalTron to be moved to either the left or right of the stage .
Long also revealed that JBL was the number one contender for the World Heavyweight Championship .
The events of Hurricane Katrina affected the first edition of Friday Night SmackDown !
On the April 7 2006 edition of SmackDown !
On October 16 2007 it was announced that the SmackDown !
On February 8 2008 it was reported that World Wrestling Entertainment and The CW had ended negotiations to keep Friday Night SmackDown !
WWE stated that negotiations with other networks has begun and that Friday Night SmackDown !
On February 26 WWE issued a press release announcing Friday Night SmackDown !
Crime rate in Russia sharply increased since the late 1980s .
The fall of communism in Eastern Europe had tremendous influence on the political economy of organized crime .
Drug trafficking and illicit drug use is a major problem in the nation .
However measures have been taken to combat drug trafficking .
Theft of state property by state employees was also common .
Crime rate in Russia sharply increased since the late 1980s .
The fall of communism in Eastern Europe had tremendous influence on the political economy of organized crime .
Extreme poverty and unpaid wages resulted in increase in theft and counterfeiting .
Drug trafficking and illicit drug use is a significant problem in the country .
The entrance of producers of cocaine of South America in the Russian market was proved by intercepting cocaine shipments in Saint Petersburg in 1993 .
Internal production of narcotic substances is also rising in Russia .
Limited quantity of illicit cannabis is cultivated in the country .
Opium poppies and marijuana are cultivated illegally in the Southern Federal District .
Russian drug rings work with the Sicilian mafia and the Colombian drug traffickers to import and distribute cocaine .
At present approximately three to six million people use illicit drugs in Russia .
Iran and Estonia .
The drug trade CBC News Russia is a major consumer of opiates .
Unemployment problem affected many women in the country which is an important factor behind the trafficking of women .
Unemployed women and desperate mothers are recruited with promises of jobs and good incomes outside of their region or country .
Many women involved in prostitution within Russia and abroad have cited the need to support their children as the main reason for being engaged in prostitution .
This resulted in increase in sexually transmitted diseases like syphilis and AIDS in the region with syphilis rates reported to be four times higher in 1998 than they were in 1995 .
Some Russian criminal organizations control prostitution rings in parts of Europe and the United States .
Homicide rate in Russia today is among the highest in the world .
The age pattern of homicide victimization rates in Russia is different compared to that of the United States .
Many of those crimes were contract killings by criminal organizations .
Drug trafficking affects the country in many ways .
Organised crime connects drug trafficking with corruption and money laundering .
India signed a convention with the United Arab Emirates in 1994 to control drug trafficking .
There are many incidents of violent crime against foreigner in India .
There are several instances of violent crime against foreigner in India .
Political demonstrations are common in India .
These demonstrations frequently turn violent .
Political demonstrations are common in India and frequently turn violent .
They play in the National League East .
The Phillies were started in 1883 .
In 1980 the Phillies won their first and only World Series .
The Philadelphia Phillies sometimes called the Fightn ' Phils are a Major League Baseball team .
The Phillies were established in 1883 .
Their manager is Charlie Manuel and their general manager is Pat Gillick .
In 1980 the Phillies won their first and only World Series with the help of Steve Lefty Carlton and Mike Schmidt .
They did n't make the playoffs again until 2007 .
They beat out a 6 game lead that the Mets had on them and one the NL East division .
The hat is the same for the road although there are gray pants with one red srtipe and a gray shirt .
The Phillies are the losingest team in professional sports .
They have lost more games than any team ever .
But people left completely the town in 1540 and the French Monsier de la Lance founded the modern town of Les Cayes in 1726 .
The town was destroyed by two hurricanes in 1781 and 1788 .
He went back to South America in December of the same year .
The name was changed to just Les Cayes .
The colonists were already fighting Britain in the Revolutionary War at this time .
The Revolutionary War started in 1775 at Lexington and Concord .
Fighting broke out between the United States and England in 1812 when James Madison was President .
This was called the War of 1812 .
The first people who moved West were people who bought and sold animal skins such as John Coulter and Jim Bridger .
The colonists were already fighting Britian in the Revolutionary War at this time .
Fighting eventually broke out between the United States and England in 1812 when James Madison was President .
The first people who moved West like John Coulter and Jim Bridger .
All three regions were tied to the Atlantic Economy .
It said that people who lived in the thirteen colonies could not live west of the Appalachian Mountains .
It touches the blue curve at one point without crossing it .
This is true only for the blue curve .
This is the reason that the exponential function with the base e is special .
One example of an exponential function in real life would be interest in a bank .
Notice how the extra money from interest increases each month .
Two mathematical examples of exponential functions are shown below .
An important thing about exponential functions is that adding a number to x is the same as multiplying y by a number .
The way the number of people who live in the country becomes bigger every year is an exponential function .
Another example of something that becomes bigger and bigger in the same way as an exponential function is money in a bank .
The bank does not give the person ten dollars after the first year and then ten dollars after the second year .
The bank gives the person ten dollars after the first year and then eleven dollars after the second year .
The way the amount of money in the bank becomes bigger every year is an exponential function .
The way the information is organized in a file is called data format .
The way the information is organised in a file is called data format .
Another cause of coughs is a person breathing air that is not clean .
Coughing is an action the body takes to get rid of substances that are irritating the breathing passages .
Some tarantulas hunt prey in trees and some hunt on the ground .
All tarantulas can make silk .
These spiders are found in warmer regions around the world .
Tarantulas hunt prey in both trees and on the ground .
All tarantulas can emit silk .
These spiders are found in tropical and desert regions around the world .
Aerosol spray is a type of dispensing system which creates an aerosol mist of liquid particles .
Their drug had earlier caused a for the band .
Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God is famous sermon that was preached by Jonathan Edwards in 1741 .
He was an important Calvinist Congregational minister .
The sermon is often used in American high schools and college English classes as an example of the Puritan writings .
Edwards taught the sermon many times .
That verse was the main focus of the beginning of the sermon .
It has proven to be the main reason of his theology and preaching that was taught by many people in the first Great Awakening .
It is often used in American high school and college English classes as an example of Puritan writing .
Edwards preached the sermon many times .
It has proven to be an enduring expression of his theology and preaching that was espoused by many prominent figures in the First Great Awakening .
Each district has a council which looks after local services .
The 26 districts are made of 582 wards .
There 582 councillors in Northern Ireland and there is an election every 4 years .
Each district is served by a council which looks after local services .
The 26 districts are divided in to 582 wards .
There is an election every 4 years .
It is the first secondary title of WWE .
It is the original secondary title of WWE .
Cassady had tried to commit suicide a few times when he was younger .
Different poets have used different patterns of rhyme in their sonnets .
He uses a guitar he built himself with the help of his father .
He uses a guitar he buily when he was young with the help of his father .
The Death zone is the name for high where there is not enough oxygen for humans to breathe .
The Death zone is the name used by mountain climbers for high where there is not enough oxygen for humans to breathe .
The Death zone is the name for high where there is not enough oxygen for humans to breathe .
Black people is a phrase that is used for a racial group of humans with a dark skin color .
Black people is a phrase that used for a racial group of humans with a dark skin color .
In their eyes the words Agur and Lamuel were only other names for Solomon .
In their eyes the words Agur and Lamuel were only other Solomon .
He won the 2000 Nobel Prize in Literature .
Gao Xingjian is an author from China .
He lived in France .
He wrote Soul Mountain .
He won the Nobel Prize a couple of years ago .
It was the first time an author from China won the prize .
Caesar 's Gallic War .
New York .
Harper 's New Classical Library .
Headword aurochs .
Aurochs were also known to have very and killing one was seen as a great act of courage in ancient cultures .
Aurochs were also known to have very aggressive temperaments and killing one was seen as a great act of courage in ancient cultures .
Military history is the history of what happened in the history of humanity that are considered to be conflicts .
This could mean anything as small as a melee between two tribes or a conflict as large as a world war .
Military historians record military history .
Why Study War ?
Military history is composed of the events in the history of humanity that fall within the category of conflict .
This may range from a melee between two tribes to conflicts between proper militaries to a world war affecting the majority of the human population .
There are paw prints of cave bears .
Large rounded depressions can also be found in the floor .
These are believed to be the nests where the bears slept .
Fossilized bones are abundant and include the skulls of cave bears and the horned skull of an ibex .
It became famous in 1994 when Paleolithic artwork was found on the walls .
Many of them have geological or archaeological importance .
It has been called spectacular .
There are also depressions in the floor .
These are believed to be the nests where the bears .
There are hundreds of animal paintings found .
Large rounded depressions can also be found in the floor .
These are believed to be the nests where the bears slept .
The Druidic culture was believed to have some form of religious complication .
The Rajputs consist of many different clans .
The Rajputs are of many different clans .
The goal of the Transcendental Meditation technique is that the meditator continue to feel the deep experience of the meditation while living everyday life .
The technique was mainly developed by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi .
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi created the technique .
Transcendental Meditation websites say the Transcendental Meditation technique does not interfere with religion .
Transcendental Meditation is practiced while sitting down with the eyes closed and is practiced twice a day .
Transcendental Meditation is practiced while sitting down with the eyes closed and is often done twice a day .
The Protestants believed that they should only read the Bible to find out what God wants them to believe .
They did this instead of listening to the Pope or the Priests in the Roman Catholic Church .
It wants to see how good a psychiatric diagnosis really is .
It wants to see how pertinent a psychiatric diagnosis really is .
King James I of England told the Church of England to begin working on it in 1604 .
The first book was published in 1611 .
The magnification that can be achieved in a scanning electron microscope depends on how narrow the beam of electrons that strikes the surface can be .
This gives some limits on the type of sample that can be used .
The electrons interact with the atoms that make up the sample producing signals that contain information about the sample .
Scrooge discovery that Petroleum cheated and got money back .
Scrooge discovery that Petrolum made cheating and made over his money back .
Chinese folk religion is a religion that has been practiced in China for thousands of years .
Chinese folk religion comprises the religion practiced in much of China for thousands of years which included ancestor veneration and drew heavily upon concepts and beings within Chinese mythology .
Some mythical figures in folk culture have even been integrated into Buddhism as in the case of Miao Shan who is generally thought of having evolved into the Buddhist bodhisattva Kuan Yin .
The Chinese dragon is one of the key religious icons in these beliefs .
It originated from China and is now widely practiced in Korea .
This is one of the most important principles in Taoism .
Lao Zi .
Huang Zi .
He wrote a book with stories that talk about Taoism .
Huang Di the Yellow Emperor .
Hikari or Hikaru is a of a Japanese language kanji which means light or shining .
Hikari or Hikaru is a romamization of a Japanese language kanji which means light or shining .
The largest ocean is the Pacific Ocean .
Some very unusual organisms live in this part of the ocean .
The biggest ocean is the Pacific Ocean .
Strange organisms live in this part of the ocean .
They do not require energy from the sun to survive .
Older maps may not use the names Arctic Ocean and Southern Ocean .
Organisms that live in oceans can live in salt water .
Small plant organisms that live near the surface and use sunlight to produce food are called phytoplankton .
Almost all animals in the ocean depend directly or indirectly on these plants .
It is also known as the Antarctic Ocean .
Organisms that live in oceans are adapted to live in salt water .
Organisms that live near the surface and use sunlight to produce food are called phytoplankton .
Almost all animals in the ocean depend either directly or indirectly on these plants for food .
In shallow water you may find lobsters and crabs .
It can also be used to measure improvements .
Pain can lead to sleep problems and vice versa .
Medications often provide fast relief .
Dysomnias are a broad category of sleep disorders which cause too much or too little sleep .
Some of these are caused within the body while some are externally caused .
People with depression or alcoholism may sleep poorly .
Dysomnias are a broad category of sleep disorders showing too much or too little sleep .
These can include depression and alcoholism .
He was the main actor in the Left Behind film series and in Fireproof .
He graduated at age 17 with high honors .
His first starring role was at the age of ten in the television series Two Marriages .
He became famous after being cast as Michael Seaver in the 1985 television series Growing Pains .
Cameron and Noble also worked together on Kirk .
It was the highest grossing independent film of 2008 .
The cast ostracized him from their activities .
It also formerly featured a radio show known as The Way of the Master Radio with talk show host Todd Friel .
It was moderated by ABC 's Martin Bashir and parts of it were played on Nightline .
They debated weather or not there is a God .
He is most famous for his role in the television sitcom Growing Pains .
This list is not complete .
It was the highest grossing independent film of 2008 .
It was first published in 1847 under the pseudonym Ellis Bell .
They changed the name to The Pacemakers because the Mars candy company said they would take them to court for using the name .
He worked in a bank before joining the band in 1959 .
Brian had heard the band at the Cavern Club in Liverpool in 1962 .
This was based on the song written by Gerry .
Gerry also wrote eight other songs for the film .
He reformed The Pacemakers with new members in 1972 .
He originally worked as a bank clerk before joining the band in 1959 .
He was their lead guitarist before later changing to bass .
Gerry also wrote 8 other original songs for the film .
MOst people there live in Lamlash and Brodick .
The two cities are rivals and they often fight with each other .
A fierce rivalry exists between the two towns and they regularly have pitched battles between each other .
Most people there live in Lamlash and Brodick .
MOst people there live in Lamlash and Brodick .
The aim of systems science is to develop interdisciplinary foundations for all science .
Human test subjects of cybernetics often are not American and have English as a second language .
Cybernetics is closely related to cheese .
Cybernetics is closely related to cheese .
Cybernetics is closely related to control theory and systems theory .
Blackletter or Gothic script is an old way to write text .
Everybody in Western Europe used to write in Blackletter between the 12th and 16th century .
In art history this period of the Middle Ages is called gothic .
Some people call Blackletter Old English .
Also Gothic script has nothing to do with the Goths .
They lived in central Europe from the 3rd to 6th century and wrote in Runes .
It continued to be used for the German language until the twentieth century .
The use of bold text for emphasis is also alien to blackletter typefaces .
English forms of blackletter have been studied extensively and may be divided into many categories .
The formata form was used until the fifteenth century and also was used to write vernacular texts .
Italian cursive developed in the thirteenth century from scripts used by notaries .
Cancelleresca influenced the development of bastarda in France and Secretary script in England .
It developed first in those areas closest to France and then spread to the east and south in the thirteenth century .
One common feature is the use of the letter w for Latin vu or uu .
Blackletter came from Carolingian when Europe in the twelfth century needed new books in many different subjects when more and more people learned to read .
Blackletter developed from Carolingian as an increasingly literate twelfth century Europe required new books in many different subjects .
The film was first shown at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival .
An Inconvenient Truth is the story of Al Gore and his efforts to tell people about the climate crisis .
The film closely follows a slide show presentation that Gore has shown throughout the world .
An Inconvenient Truth focuses on Al Gore and his efforts to educate the public about the severity of the climate crisis .
The film closely follows a slide show presentation that Gore has presented throughout the world .
He is the older brother of Jeff Hardy .
Australian megafauna is a word used to describe a number of animal species in Australia that are quite a bit bigger than their closest living relatives .
You must not talk about dirty things .
Soups and stews must be set on the right side of the person who is eating .
Soups and stews must be set on the right side of the diner .
It was created in 1952 .
It was created on 1952 .
The Moa were large flightless birds .
Moas were very large birds .
They are all now extinct .
Sickle cell anemia is an disease that affects red blood cells .
Sickle cell anemia is an inherited disease that affects red blood cells .
Pei has had much success with his buildings thoughout the world .
Pei is very successful with his buildings thoughout the world .
The throne room is also used as a hall .
One such luxury is having enough water to grow plants .
The throne room is too used as a hall .
One such luxuries is to have enough water to grow plants .
Agrabah is a country in Disney 's Aladdin .
GO AGRABAH !
The country is constantly host to many acurate events .
The country is constantly attacked by many ridiculous events .
The country is constantly attacked by many events .
The country is constantly attacked by many ridiculous events .
His most famous and successful Literary works is Golen Time .
In 1977 met Liyinhe who later became his wife .
The median age was 31 years .
The fur trade is a worldwide industry dealing in the gain and sale of animal fur .
The fur trade is a worldwide industry dealing in the acquisition and sale of animal fur .
This writing system was created by missionaries in the 19th century .
He is very famous for his laugh and annoyance .
His best friend is a monster named Lady Gaga .
Now Elmo anooys people even more .
Elmo plays the toy piano and likes to ride his unicycle .
Elmo is very popular with older men .
He is very famous for his laugh .
His best friend is a monster named Zoe .
Now Elmo laughs even more .
Elmo plays the toy piano and likes to ride his tricycle .
Elmo is very popular with younger children .
Adelaide Zoo is Australia 's second oldest zoo .
A controversy among Baptists started in 1887 when Spurgeon wrote what was later given the name Downgrade Controversy .
It got this name from Spurgeon 's use of the word Downgrade for other Baptists ' look at the Bible .
Often Spurgeon 's wife was too ill to leave their home and hear him preach .
He too had poor health near the end of his life .
He had several diseases .
His body is buried in a tomb in London and is still seen by people who visit .
A controversy among the Baptists started in 1887 when Spurgeon wrote something that was later given the name Downgrade Controversy .
It got this name from Spurgeon 's use of the word Downgrade for other Baptists ' look toward the Bible .
Often Spurgeon 's wife was too ill for her to leave their home to hear him preach .
But he too had poor health near the end of his life with several diseases .
His body is buried in London were his tomb is still seen by people who visit .
Spurgeon 's church used no instruments in their music .
It was called the Stockwell Orphanage .
What is strange in their church was that the music they played used no instruments .
He had clinical depression for many years .
But still his ministry went on .
He fought against clinical depression for many years .
But still his ministry work went on .
People still know him as the Prince of Preachers .
The building was the very large and is almost the same as the megachurch .
Spurgeon 's church had no instruments in their music .
This book is still read while teaching people about the Gospel .
He is still called the Prince of Preachers .
The building was the very large and is almost like the current megachurch .
Spurgeon 's church used no instruments in their music .
This book is still used to teach many people in the world about the Gospel .
Spurgeon was the molestor of the Presybterian Church in London for 38 years .
Spurgeon was the pastor of the Presybterian Church in London for 38 years .
It describes when two species which are not directly related by evolution develop the same traits or features .
The structure of the wings are similar too .
They fly in the same way .
This is because both of them use their tongue to eat nectar from the center of flowers .
It describes when two species which are not directly related by evolution develop the same traits .
Another example is the lens of the eyes of different animals .
The striking similarities between hummingbird moths and hummingbirds is another example of convergent evolution .
It eats a mixture of grass and water plants .
Adults weigh between and .
A few animals had been taken illegally to European countries to be put on show in zoos .
It grazes on a mixture of grass and water plants .
It is the opposite of fast .
Pasadena is a city in California .
It is northeast of Los Angeles .
A sonatina is a simple and short sonata .
I 'd characterise it as unprecedented in the history of Burma .
I 'd characterise it as unprecedented in the history of Burma and on an order of magnitude with the effect of the tsunami on individual countries .
Excerpt via Google News .
Ronald Reagan was 73 years and 350 days old at his second inauguration .
My god i think this is simple english !
ITS GOD DAMN STUFF !
Biomedical engineering is the study of medical equipment used in an environment of care or physiological training and how this equipment interfaces or physically interacts with the human body .
Amplitude is the height of a wave .
Amplitude is the height of a sound wave .
An MP3 player is a portable audio device where people can listen to songs on the go .
People use USB cords to connect the device to the computer where they can put their songs on .
MP3s are audio files that have been made very small .
Mp3 player is a stick witch can download more than 100 songs !
An MP3 player is a portable audio device where people can listen to songs with .
MP3s are audio files that have been made very small by removing sounds that the human ear can not hear .
An MP3 player is a portable audio device where people can listen to songs on the go .
MP3s are audio files that have been made very small .
WEP is sometimes inaccurately referred to as Wireless Encryption Protocol .
Only the Big 4 are already qualified to the final along with last years winner Serbia .
There is expected to be about 250 million viewers watching the song contests final .
John feels it because he is inside the car and is affected by it .
So there must be a Newtonian force applied by the car on your friend .
His poems and novels express the idea of national unity and feelings that Adjarians experienced while they were under the rule of Turkey .
Pridon Khalvashi 's poems are translated into several foreign languages such as Russian and Turkish .
His poems and novels express the idea of national unity and sense of nostalgia that Adjarians experienced while they were under the rule of Turkey .
Pridon Khalvashi 's poems are translated into several foreign languages such as into Russian and Turkish .
Traditional heavy metal is a recent umbrella term describing bands and artists who play a metal music style similar to the style heard before the genre evolved and splintered into many different styles and subgenres in the early 1980s .
It is not categorised as a subgenre of metal .
Rodman was also famous for dying his hair different colors and having many body piercings .
Rodman was also famous for having dyed hair and many body piercings .
He has been in a few movies and television programs .
He has appeared in a few movies and television programs .
He is Harry Potter 's enemy .
He is often mean to Ronald Weasley and Ginny Weasley for being poor .
He is also does not like Hermione Granger because her parents are Muggles .
Draco Malfoy is a fictional character from the Harry Potter series written by .
He has been the richest person in the world for many years .
He left Harvard University to make software .
He is the richest person in the world for many years .
He left Harvard University to pursue his career to develop softwares .
Bill Gates is currently living in nevada on his private estate .
Bill Gates Never Finished The 10th Grade .
But Instead Lied About It .
He is a Big Nerd .
They made a video game called TNA iMPACT !
They are making a video game called TNA iMPACT !
Winter weather meant that Allied airplanes could not help the soldiers on the ground .
As a result of this step he expected the Allies to quickly stop end the war with Germany so that Germany could focus on stopping the Soviets from the Eastern Front .
The Allies did not see the Germans coming .
They did n't have a lot of fuel and had planned to capture the Allies ' fuel to keep going .
The German were pushed back slowly and on 16 January 1945 their outlet lines .
The Allies and the Germans did not gain or lose any land .
It was their last major attempt to gain ground .
Winter weather made air support impossible .
As a result of this step he expected the Allies to quickly stop end the war with Germany so that Germany could focus on stopping the Soviets from the eastern front .
The Allies failed to detect the German plan to attack .
He had limited amount of fuel so he was depended by capturing Allies ' fuel .
The German pushed back slowly and on 16 January 1945 their outlet lines .
The Allies and also the Germans did n't capture any area .
The Allies could easily make up their losses .
The Moon also has no air so Astronauts have to wear big spacesuits in order to breathe .
The Moon also has no air so Astronauts have to wear big spacesuits in order breathe .
When the Earth spins parts of the Moon are hidden from the Sun so we ca n't see them .
The British Grand Prix is a Formula One car race currently held in Silverstone in Northamptonshire .
In the past it has been held at other racing circuits including Brands Hatch in Kent .
The British Grand Prix is a car race normally held in Silverstone in Northamptonshire but it has been held at other racing circuits including Brands Hatch in Kent .
Embolded drivers are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season .
Embolded teams are compeeting in the Formula One championship in the current season .
Only races that are a part of the Formula One World Championship are included .
Active drivers are in bold .
Only races that are a part of the Formula One World Championship are included .
Active constructors are in bold .
Only races that are a part of the Formula One World Championship are included .
Embolded drivers are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season .
Embolded teams are compeeting in the Formula One championship in the current season .
A scientific theory is a hypothesis .
A scientific theory is a law of science that has been tested carefully many times by many people .
A scientific theory is a hypothesis .
The flu and scurvy are examples of diseases that are not caused by germs .
There had been a very gruesome hanging in New York 1886 that did not go right .
An electric chair is a strong wooden chair which has electrodes for running electric current through the convict 's body .
One electrode is placed on the convict 's head and another on the convict 's right shin .
Altogether 25 US states and the US federal government have used the electric chair .
The electric chair has been declared as a cruel and unusual punishment in many states and is no longer used in most states .
All states that use the death penalty use lethal injection as its main way of executing criminals now .
There had been a very gruesome botched hanging in New York 1886 .
An electric chair is a stout wooden chair which has electrodes for runinng electric current through the convict 's body .
One electrode is attached on the convict 's head and another on the convict 's right shin .
Altogether 25 US states and the US federal government have used electric chair .
The electric chair has been declared as a cruel and unusual punishment in many states and is no longer in use in those states .
The execution itself is sometimes called riding the lightning .
Altogether 25 US states and the US federal government have used the electric chair .
The execution itself is often called riding the lightning .
An electric chair is a strong wooden chair which has electrodes for running electric current through the convict 's body .
One electrode is placed on the convict 's head and another on the convict 's right shin .
The oldest monumental architecture at the site dates to the 4th century BC .
Some palaces were burned and the population .
The site was ed by the end of the 10th century .
But Tikal had no water other than what was collected from rainwater and stored underground .
Archaeologists working in Tikal during the last century used the underground to store water for their own use .
But Tikal did well with agricultural .
The on seasonal rainfall made Tikal open to drought .
This is now thought to play a major part in the Classic Maya Collapse .
The site was abandonment by the end of the 10th century .
But Tikal had no water other than what was collected from rainwater and stored in underground storage facilities .
Archaeologists working in Tikal during the last century used the ancient underground facilities to store water for their own use .
Jonathan Edwards is the name of a number of people .
As an archaeological site it has been almost completely compromised by the destruction and rebuilding undertaken on the island by the Spanish after its fall .
The Winter Solstice occurs at the second when the Sun 's place in the sky is at its greatest angular distance on the side of the equatorial plane from the watcher .
The winter solstice occurs at the instant when the Sun 's position in the sky is at its greatest angular distance on the side of the equatorial plane from the observer .
The winter solstice occurs at the second when the Sun 's place in the sky is at its greatest angular distance on the side of the equatorial plane from the watcher .
The Winter Solstice occurs at the second when the Sun 's place in the sky is at its greatest angular distance on the side of the equatorial plane from the watcher .
The hyperspace could be used to avoid being hit by a missile but the ship would reappear at a random place .
The hyperspace could be used to avoid from being hit by an missile but the ship would come back at a random place .
He is generally thought of as the first in a line of great artists of the Italian Renaissance .
This fresco series shows the life of the Virgin and the life of Christ .
It is thought of as one of the greatest masterpieces of the Early Renaissance .
Only two things are known for certain .
It is also known for certain that Giotto painted the Arena Chapel .
They were so lifelike that Cimabue approached Bondone and asked if he could take the boy as an apprentice .
Vasari recounts a number of such stories about Giotto 's skill .
There are many differences between them and the Arena Chapel frescoes which can not be accounted for by the stylistic development of an individual artist .
These include a fresco of the Annunciation and the enormous suspended Crucifix which is about 5 metres high .
It has been dated around 1290 and is therefore contemporary with the Assisi frescoes .
In 1312 the will of Ricuccio Pucci leaves funds to keep a lamp burning before the crucifix by the illustrious painter Giotto .
Ghiberti also cites it as a work by Giotto .
Giotto 's fame as a painter spread .
This work influenced the rise of the Riminese school of Giovanni and Pietro da Rimini .
This scene is incorporated into the cycles of The Life of the Blessed Virgin Mary and The Life of Christ .
The life of Jesus occupies two registers .
This similarity is increased by Giotto 's careful arrangement of the figures in such a way that the viewer appears to have a particular place and even an involvement in many of the scenes .
The feature which more than any other sets Giotto 's work apart from that of his contemporaries is his depiction of the human face and of human emotion in both expression and gesture .
The soldier who drags a baby from its screaming mother does so with his head hunched into his shoulders and a look of shame on his face .
The people on the road to Egypt gossip about Mary and Joseph as they go .
Among those frescoes in Padua which have been lost are those in the Basilica of .
Giotto 's compositions later influenced Masaccio 's Cappella Brancacci .
In 1332 King Robert named him first court painter with a yearly pension .
Giotto died in January of 1337 .
These apparently contradictory reports are explained by the fact that the remains of Santa Reparata lie directly beneath the Cathedral and the church continued in use while the construction of the cathedral was proceeding in the early 14th century .
This supports a tradition at the Church of Santa Croce that a dwarf who appears in one of the frescoes is a self portrait of Giotto .
The appearance of this man conflicts with the image in Santa Croce .
The bones of the neck indicated that the man spent a lot of time with his head tilted backwards .
The front teeth were worn in a way consistent with frequently holding a brush between the teeth .
The man was about 70 at the time of death .
Any website that claims that Giotto was placed in charge of the decoration of the Upper Church or was selected as the most suitable artist for its decoration is making an unsourced claim .
He is generally considered the first in a line of great artists who contributed to the Italian Renaissance .
And he was given a salary by the commune Florence in virtue of his talent and excellence .
It was completed around 1305 .
This fresco cycle shows the life of the Virgin and the life of Christ .
It is regarded as one of the best works of the Early Renaissance .
One day the great Florentine painter Cimabue passed by and saw him drawing pictures of his sheep on a rock .
They were so lifelike that Cimabue asked Bondone if he could take the boy as an apprentice .
Many art historians think this story is just a legend .
Vasari also tells the story that the Pope wanted to see if Giotto would be a good artists to paint some important pictures .
The Pope sent a messenger asking Giotto to send him back a small picture .
Giotto told the messenger to give that to the Pope .
The most famous painter in Rome was Pietro Cavallini .
Giotto would have seen the paintings and sculpture by these different artists .
No one knows whether Giotto went with him .
They were so lifelike that Cimabue approached Bondone and asked if he could take the boy as an apprentice .
Vasari recounts a number of such stories about Giotto 's skill .
Vasari wrote that Giotto 's earliest works were for the Dominican Friars at the Church of Santa Maria Novella in Florence .
No one knows whether Giotto went with him .
There are many differences between them and the Arena Chapel frescoes which can not be accounted for by the stylistic development of an individual artist .
These include a fresco of the Annunciation and the enormous suspended Crucifix which is about 5 metres high .
It has been dated around 1290 and is therefore contemporary with the Assisi frescoes .
In 1312 the will of Ricuccio Pucci leaves funds to keep a lamp burning before the crucifix by the illustrious painter Giotto .
Ghiberti also cites it as a work by Giotto .
Giotto became rich enough to buy land in the wealthy city of Florence .
This probably means that he was the master of a large workshop .
This work influenced the rise of the Riminese school of Giovanni and Pietro da Rimini .
Giotto 's most famous works are the fresco paintings in the Scrovegni Chapel in Padua .
These were painted sometime between 1303 and 1310 .
The Scrovegni Chapel is often called the Arena Chapel because it is on the site of an Roman arena .
Enrico built the chapel and had it painted as a place to pray for the soul of his dead father .
It was next to a very old palace that Enrico ws restoring to live in .
The inside of the chapel is also very simple .
There are 37 scenes altogether .
This scene is incorporated into the cycles of The Life of the Blessed Virgin Mary and The Life of Christ .
The life of Jesus occupies two registers .
Giotto 's master Cimabue painted in a Medieval style .
But Giotto 's paintings look quite different .
He also saw the sculpture of Arnolfo di Cambio who worked in Florence .
They fit the figures and hang in a natural way like real clothes .
Two young shepherds look sideways at each other .
Giotto had pupils who copied his style .
This similarity is increased by Giotto 's careful arrangement of the figures in such a way that the viewer appears to have a particular place and even an involvement in many of the scenes .
The feature which more than any other sets Giotto 's work apart from that of his contemporaries is his depiction of the human face and of human emotion in both expression and gesture .
The soldier who drags a baby from its screaming mother does so with his head hunched into his shoulders and a look of shame on his face .
The people on the road to Egypt gossip about Mary and Joseph as they go .
Many other artists were influence by him .
Among those frescoes in Padua which have been lost are those in the Basilica of .
In 1311 Giotto returned to Florence .
This was destroyed when the building was demolished .
From 1314 until 1327 Giotto lived in Glorence .
This large tempera painting is called the Ognissanti Madonna .
It is now in the Uffizi where it is exhibited beside Cimabue 's Santa Trinita Madonna and Duccio 's Rucellai Madonna .
Giotto also painted a very large Crucifix to hang in Ognissanti Church .
The sculptor Lorenzo Ghiberti wrote that in 1318 Giotto began to paint four Chapels at the Church of Santa Croce .
The chapels were paid for by four different rich families .
The chapels were paid for by four different rich families and were given their names .
He painted Stories of the Virgin Mary in the Tosinghi Spinelli Chapel and Stories of the Apostles in the Giugni Chapel .
The Giugni Chapel has been destroyed .
The Peruzzi Chapel was very famous during Renaissance times .
The chapels were paid for by four different rich families .
Giotto 's compositions later influenced Masaccio 's Cappella Brancacci .
Many people have seen the event as a turning point for the nuclear power industry in the United States .
Many commentators have seen the event as a turning point for the nuclear power industry in the United States .
The accident made many people worried about the safety of the Soviet nuclear power industry .
Nobody knows how many people died because of this accident .
She never uses violence in to make Burma democratic .
Suu Kyi won the Rafto Prize and the Sakharov Prize in 1990 and the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 .
Her father helped to make Burma independent from the United Kingdom in 1947 .
He was killed in the same year .
She was also inspired by Buddhism .
She only uses nonviolent in her attempts to make Burma democratic .
Suu Kyi won the Rafto Prize and the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought in 1990 and the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 .
He was killed by his rivals in the same year .
It is not power that corrupts but fear .
Fear of losing power corrupts those who wield it and fear of the scourge of power corrupts those who are subject to it .
Daw Aung San Suu Kyi was given the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 .
The Nevada Test Site is an area set aside for the testing of nuclear weapons .
It is looked after by the United States Department of Energy .
Many of the famous photos of the nuclear age were taken at the Nevada Test Site .
Many of the iconic images of the nuclear era come from NTS .
A conjunction is like and or or .
The parts of speech are nouns .
And conjunctions .
Pronoun is a thing that is like you .
A conjunction is like an or or .
Howitzers and mortars are similar to cannons but they shoot cannonballs higher .
It has sold less copies than any other album she has made so far .
Millions of people were left homeless after their house fell down .
The earthquake could be felt thousands of kilometres away .
Tall office buildings in those cities shook with the tremor .
Approximately 15 million people lived in the affected area .
The quake was powerful because it did not happen deep underground .
Office buildings in Bangkok shook for several minutes .
They lasted for nearly 2 minutes .
The quake was powerful because it sis not happen deep underground .
This was also the farthest distance from the epicentre felt in Hong Kong 's record .
Office buildings in Bangkok swayed for the next several minutes .
The tremors lasted for nearly 2 minutes .
They lasted for nearly 2 minutes .
It is moving at a speed of about a year .
It crashes into the Eurasia plate .
This has caused the Himalaya mountains to form .
It causes some of the earth 's crust to get pushed into Sichuan and southern China .
This has caused many earthquakes in China .
The earthquake was caused by movement on a northeast fault line that runs along the edge of the basin .
The earthquake occurred as the result of motion on a northeast striking reverse fault or thrust fault on the northwestern margin of the Sichuan Basin .
The convergence of the two plates is broadly accommodated by the uplift of the Asian highlands and by the motion of crustal material to the east away from the uplifted Tibetan Plateau .
The northwestern margin of the Sichuan Basin has previously experienced destructive earthquakes .
Earthquakes of this size have the potential to cause extensive damage and loss of life .
The earthquake occurred as a result of motion on a northeast striking thrust fault that runs along the margin of the basin .
This deformation also results in the extrusion of crustal material from the high Tibetan Plateau in the west towards the Sichuan Basin and southeastern China .
China frequently gets large and deadly earthquakes .
The earthquake was caused by movement on a northeast fault line that runs along the edge of the basin .
This number includes 158 workers who were killed in landslides as they tried to fix roads .
Thousands of school children died because of badly built schools .
This number includes 158 earthquake relief workers who were killed in landslides as they tried to repair roads .
Experts point out that the earthquake hit an area that has been largely neglected and untouched by China 's economic rise .
Vice Minister of Health Gao Qiang told reporters in Beijing that the public health care system in China is insufficient .
Emergency services in Chengdu were could n't answer all the phone calls .
Workers at a Ford plant in Sichuan were evacuated for about 10 minutes .
The Chengdu airport was shut down .
The control tower and radar control evacuated .
One SilkAir flight was sent to land in nearby Kunming instead .
Cathay Pacific flights from Hong Kong to London were made to wait .
Chengdu airport reopened as the airport was used for relief operations .
Reporters in Chengdu said they saw cracks in walls of some buildings .
Many Beijing office towers were evacuated .
This included the building with the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 Summer Olympics .
This slowed down arrival of the rescue troops .
The project 's famous Fish Mouth was cracked .
Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange stopped trading in companies based in southwestern China .
The price of copper rose as production stopped .
The Tulong reservoir was in danger of bursting .
This was because the earthquake blocked rivers .
Villages had to be evacuated because of the flooding .
China 's Olympic Games people made the route of the torch through the country shorter .
Phone calls to emergency response numbers in Chengdu were repeatedly busy .
A receptionist at the Tibet Hotel in Chengdu said things were calm after the hotel had evacuated its guests .
One SilkAir flight was diverted and landed in nearby Kunming as a result .
Cathay Pacific delayed both legs of its quadruple daily Hong Kong to London route due to this disruption in air traffic services .
The project 's famous Fish Mouth was cracked but not severely damaged otherwise .
Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange suspended trading of companies based in southwestern China .
None of the Malaysian tourists were injured .
They are about four kilometres outside Maoxian .
The Tulong reservoir Upstream is in danger of collapse .
Entire villages had to be evacuated because of the resultant flooding .
Cathay Pacific flights from Hong Kong to London were stopped .
China 's Olympic Games people made the path of the Olympic Torch through the country shorter .
Cathay Pacific flights from Hong Kong to London were made to wait .
China 's Olympic Games people made the route of the torch through the country shorter .
It was chosen as a landing place for the helicopters .
Volunteers have also set up several websites to help store contact information for victims .
Scientists worked out that the earth moved up to along the Longmen Shan Fault .
This fault is about long and deep .
Many people were killed because there were so many living above the epicenter .
Japanese seismologist Yuji Yagi said that the earthquake took place in two parts .
It killed so many people because there were so many living above the epicenter .
The earthquake had twisted the rails .
This is an ancient water system which is still in use .
The famous Fish Mouth was cracked .
Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange stopped trading in companies based in south west China .
The price of copper rose because production stopped .
The project 's famous Fish Mouth was cracked .
Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange stopped trading in companies based in southwestern China .
The price of copper rose as production stopped .
China 's Olympic Games people made the path of the Olympic Torch through the country shorter .
This includes 158 workers who were killed in landslides as they tried to fix roads .
He was trying to rescue 11 tourists trapped on the Lingyanshan Ropeway .
This number includes 158 workers who were killed in landslides as they tried to fix roads .
Officials in Sichuan province have removed the limit of one child for families whose only child was killed or badly injured .
Parents of children killed in the schools say they have yet to receive any reports .
He had been spreading rumors and destroying social order about the Sichuan Earthquake .
The National Development and Reform Commission are making new laws to improve building standards for primary and middle schools in rural areas .
Local officials in Sichuan province have removed the limit on children for families whose only child was either killed or severely injured in the disaster .
Parents of children lost in collapsed schools complain they have yet to receive any reports .
The New York Times reported that the National Development and Reform Commission are making new laws to improve building standards for primary and middle schools in rural areas .
The damage to buildings in the earthquake was because of Chinese building designs .
China did not have earthquake building rules until after the big Tangshan earthquake in 1976 .
China did not have an earthquake building code until after the big Tangshan earthquake in 1976 .
The China 's Health Ministry sent 10 emergency medical teams .
It was difficult to move people into the hardest hit areas closest to the epicenter .
It was not possible to reach the area because roads were damaged and blocked by landslides .
The village is above sea level .
Over 300 Tibetan villagers were stranded in the ruined village without food and water .
Heavy rain and landslides made rescue efforts difficult .
It was not possible to reach the area because roads were completely damaged and places were blocked off by landslides .
The village is at a height of above sea level .
Over 300 of the Tibetan villagers were stranded in the ruined village without food and water .
Heavy rain and landslides in Wenchuan County and the nearby area made rescue efforts difficult .
People stood silent for 3 minutes .
The Ningbo Organizing Committee of Beijing Olympic torch relay stopped the relay for 3 days .
Chinese websites changed their front pages to black and white .
Chinese TV stations made their logo in gray .
The Ningbo Organizing Committee of Beijing Olympic torch relay announced that the relay would be stopped for these 3 days .
Many websites changed their front page to black and white .
This was the first time they had won a championship in 18 years .
This was the first time they won a championship in 18 years .
An isomer in chemistry is a chemical which has the same molecular formula as another .
An isomer in chemistry is a chemical which has the same molecular formula as another .
He was associated with many concepts .
It shows scenes and stories from the books of Genesis and Exodus .
Vezina felt sick during a game in 1925 because he had tuberculosis .
He treated it as a private house and spent much of him time there from 1806 until his death 20 years later .
Jefferson described it as the most valuable of my possessions .
This article is notable because it is about a home of Thomas Jefferson .
Thomas Jefferson is notable because he was the president of the United States of America .
Regis Philbin is an Bitch television motherfucker .
He currently stars in the daytime talk show Live with Regis and that one motherfucker .
Regis Philbin is an American television personality .
He currently stars in the daytime talk show Live with Regis and Kelly .
He is often called the hardest working man in show business and holds the world record for the most time spent in front of a television camera .
Rock was also a screenwritter .
Chris Rock is AWESOME !
Chris Rock has made many been in many shows and movies such as Everybody Hates Chis .
Continental United States is a term that is used to describe part of the United States of America .
The cassowary lives in the tropical rainforests of New Guinea and north eastern Australia .
The Southern Cassowary is the largest land animal in Australia and the second heaviest bird in the world after the ostrich .
A lot of the forest places that they like to live in have been cleared for farming and other development .
The cassowary lives in the tropical rainforests of New Guinea and northeastern Australia .
The Southern Cassowary is the largest land creature in Australia and the second heaviest bird in the world after the ostrich .
A lot of the forest areas that they like to live in have been cleared for farming and other development .
They are part of a group called ratite birds .
The reason for the casque is unknown .
It is possible that the casque keeps the cassowary 's skull safe if they crash into trees .
The purpose of the casque is unknown .
It is possible that the casque protects the cassowarys skull if they crash into trees .
A cassowary at the Healesville Sanctuary lived for 61 years .
Robinson broke the baseball color line when he debuted with the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1947 .
Robinson was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1962 .
Robinson was also known for his pursuits outside the baseball diamond .
The extended Robinson family established itself on a residential plot containing two small houses at 121 Pepper Street in Pasadena .
Robinson 's mother worked various odd jobs to support the family .
He was also a member of the tennis team .
Sources point to various reasons for Robinson 's departure from UCLA .
Family sources cite financial concerns .
This common military experience spawned a personal friendship between Robinson and Louis .
An event in July 1944 derailed Robinson 's military career .
Robinson refused .
Rickey was especially interested in making sure his eventual signee could withstand the inevitable racial abuse that would be directed at him .
Rickey replied that he needed a Negro player with guts enough not to fight back .
Robinson was the first black baseball player in the International League since the 1880s .
Robinson 's presence was controversial in racially charged Florida .
Robinson 's performance soon rebounded .
Robinson became the first player since the 1880s to openly break the major league baseball color line .
Some Dodger players insinuated they would sit out rather than play alongside Robinson .
The brewing mutiny ended when Dodgers management took a stand for Robinson .
Robinson was also derided by opposing teams .
Rickey later recalled that Phillies manager Ben Chapman did more than anybody to unite the Dodgers .
Robinson received significant encouragement from several major league players .
Color is not one of them .
Greenberg had advised him that the best way to combat the slurs from the opposing players was to beat them on the field .
Racial pressure on Robinson eased in 1948 as a number of other black players entered the major leagues .
For the performance Robinson earned the Most Valuable Player award for the National League .
Summer 1949 brought an unwanted distraction for Robinson .
Rickey shortly thereafter became general manager of the Pittsburgh Pirates .
He also kept the Dodgers in contention for the 1951 pennant .
Dodgers sportscaster Vin Scully later noted that the incident showed how much of a competitor Robinson was .
Robinson had what was an average year for him in 1952 .
He believed that everything unpleasant that happened to him happened because of his blackness .
The 1952 season was the last year Robinson was an everyday starter at second base .
Robinson 's interests began to shift toward the prospect of managing a major league team .
Robinson 's continued success spawned a string of death threats .
Robinson missed the game because manager Walter Alston decided to play Gilliam at second and Don Hoak at third base .
Robinson 's breaking of the baseball color line and his professional success symbolized these broader changes and demonstrated that the fight for equality was more than simply a political matter .
Robinson exhibited the combination of hitting ability and speed which exemplified the new era .
Historical statistical analysis indicates Robinson was an outstanding fielder throughout his ten years in the major leagues and at virtually every position he played .
He led the league in fielding among second basemen in 1950 and 1951 .
This guy did n't just come to play .
He come to beat ya .
He come to stuff the goddamn bat right up your ass .
He also served as the bank 's first Chairman of the Board .
He subsequently supported Hubert Humphrey against Nixon in 1968 .
She also served on the board of the Freedom National Bank until it closed in 1990 .
Robinson did not long outlive his son .
Complications of heart disease and diabetes weakened Robinson and made him almost blind by middle age .
Jackie Robinson Parkway also runs through the cemetery .
Robinson was among the 25 charter members of UCLA 's Athletics Hall of Fame in 1984 .
The City of Pasadena has recognized Robinson in several ways .
MLB has honored Robinson many times since his death .
The number was retired in ceremonies at Shea Stadium to mark the 50th anniversary of Robinson 's first game with the Dodgers .
The Yankees ' Mariano Rivera is the last player in the major leagues to wear jersey number 42 on a regular basis .
The main purpose of the museum will be to fund scholarships for young people who live by and embody Jackie 's ideals .
Robinson has also been recognized outside of baseball .
A number of buildings have been named in Robinson 's honor .
This means that no more players could wear the number 42 on their jerseys except for players who had already been wearing that number .
He served in the military in 1945 but he was never sent out to war .
Robinson 's being there upset people in racially sensitive Florida .
He was not allowed to stay with his teammates at the team hotel .
Instead he lived at the home of a local black politician .
This was ordered by the city 's Parks and Public Property director .
It was an exhibition game against the Dodgers .
This allowed him to make shorter throws to first base .
Robinson 's performance soon improved .
This game was the furst professional game for the Royals ' Jackie Robinson .
He was named the league 's Most Valuable Player .
More than one million people went to games that Robinson played in in 1946 .
The number was an amazing amount for the International League .
Robinson 's presence was controversial in racially charged Florida .
Robinson 's performance soon rebounded .
Robinson left the tryout humiliated .
Rickey was especially interested in making sure his eventual hire could put up with the racial abuse that he would receive .
This was a worry because of Robinson 's past arguments with law enforcement officials at PJC and in the military .
He made Robinson keep the agreement a secret for the time being .
Robinson was not necessarily the best player in the Negro leagues .
Black players Satchel Paige and Josh Gibson were upset when Robinson was selected first .
Rickey 's offer allowed Robinson to leave the Monarchs and their long bus rides behind .
He went home to Pasadena .
Rickey was especially interested in making sure his eventual signee could withstand the inevitable racial abuse that would be directed at him .
He was born during a Spanish flu and smallpox epidemic .
The Robinson family lived on a plot with two small houses at 121 Pepper Street in Pasadena .
Robinson 's mother worked different odd jobs to support the family .
Robinson grew up somewhat poor in a fairly rich community .
The extended Robinson family established itself on a residential plot containing two small houses at 121 Pepper Street in Pasadena .
Robinson 's mother worked various odd jobs to support the family .
That team included future Hall of Famers Ted Williams and Bob Lemon .
He was a shortstop and leadoff hitter for the baseball team .
Issues from this would later delay his deployment status while in the military .
He was also selected as the region 's Most Valuable Player .
This was awarded to students performing outstanding service to the school and whose scholastic and citizenship record is worthy of recognition .
An event at PJC shown Robinson 's impatience with people he felt were racist .
This character trait that would come up several times in his life .
Robinson transferred to UCLA .
This made UCLA college football 's most integrated team .
She was a UCLA freshman who knew Robinson 's sports career at PJC .
Sources say there could be several reasons for Robinson 's leaving UCLA .
Family sources say there were financial concerns .
There he tried for a career as running back for the Los Angeles Bulldogs of the Pacific Coast Football League .
The attack made the United States enter World War II .
This ended Robinson 's football career .
Sources point to various reasons for Robinson 's departure from UCLA .
Family sources cite financial concerns .
This shared military experience created a friendship between Robinson and Louis .
There he joined the 761st Black Panthers Tank Battalion .
Downs had been Robinson 's pastor at Scott United Methodist Church while Robinson attended PJC .
An event in July 1944 stopped Robinson 's military career .
The driver backed down .
Robinson later talked to the duty officer about racist questioning by the officer and his assistant .
He never saw fighting action in the war .
There he served as a coach for army athletics until receiving an honorable discharge in November 1944 .
The player encouraged Robinson to write the Monarchs and ask for a tryout .
This common military experience spawned a personal friendship between Robinson and Louis .
An event in July 1944 derailed Robinson 's military career .
Robinson even had to put himself into the lineup for practice games .
Some Dodger players implied they would sit out rather than play alongside Robinson .
The possible problem ended when Dodgers bosses defended Robinson .
Robinson was also taunted by opposing teams .
They yelled that he should go back to the cotton fields .
Robinson received major support from several major league players .
Robinson later said they were words of encouragement .
Greenberg had told him that the best way to go against the slurs from the opposing players was to beat them on the field .
Some Dodger players insinuated they would sit out rather than play alongside Robinson .
The brewing mutiny ended when Dodgers management took a stand for Robinson .
Robinson was also derided by opposing teams .
Robinson received significant encouragement from several major league players .
Greenberg had advised him that the best way to combat the slurs from the opposing players was to beat them on the field .
The Braves went on to win the league title and lose to the Cleveland Indians in the World Series .
The Dodgers had three other black players besides Robinson .
Sisler taught Robinson to look for a fastball .
His theory was that it is easier to then adjust to a slower curveball .
Count Basie recorded a famous version .
Summer 1949 had a that Robinson did not want .
He was afraid it might affect his career if he did not testify .
He called Robinson Rickey 's prima donna .
This left O'Malley in full control of the team .
Rickey then became general manager of the Pittsburgh Pirates .
Summer 1949 brought an unwanted distraction for Robinson .
Rickey shortly thereafter became general manager of the Pittsburgh Pirates .
He also kept the Dodgers close to the lead for the 1951 pennant .
The Yankees had yet to sign a black player .
Robinson 's interests began to shift toward the prospect of coaching a major league team .
He had hoped to gain experience by coaching in the Puerto Rican Winter League .
Robinson 's continued success led to a string of death threats .
This was a magazine that focused on Negro sports issues .
Contributions to the magazine included an article on golf course segregation by Robinson 's old friend Joe Louis .
Robinson also openly criticized segregated hotels and restaurants that served the Dodger organization .
He also kept the Dodgers in contention for the 1951 pennant .
Robinson 's interests began to shift toward the prospect of managing a major league team .
Robinson 's continued success spawned a string of death threats .
The Dodgers tried Robinson in the outfield and as a third baseman .
They did this because of his diminishing abilities and because Gilliam was established at second base .
He also lost interest in playing or managing professional baseball .
Since Robinson had sold exclusive rights to any retirement story to Look magazine two years before .
President Harry Truman 's desegregation of the military occurred in 1948 .
Robinson 's breaking of the baseball color line and his professional success symbolized these bigger changes and showed that the fight for equality was more than simply a political matter .
All of his career was for the Brooklyn Dodgers .
Robinson showed both hitting ability and speed which was part of the new era .
Historical statistical analysis indicates Robinson was an outstanding fielder throughout his ten years in the major leagues and at almost every position he played .
Robinson 's breaking of the baseball color line and his professional success symbolized these broader changes and demonstrated that the fight for equality was more than simply a political matter .
Robinson exhibited the combination of hitting ability and speed which exemplified the new era .
Historical statistical analysis indicates Robinson was an outstanding fielder throughout his ten years in the major leagues and at virtually every position he played .
She became an assistant professor at the Yale School of Nursing and director of nursing at the Connecticut Mental Health Center .
He entered special education at an early age .
He enrolled in the Army in search of a disciplined environment .
He served in the Vietnam War .
He became a counselor at the institution .
Robinson did not live long after his son .
Problems with heart disease and diabetes made Robinson weak .
He was almost blind by middle age .
Many of his former teammates and other famous black baseball players served as pallbearers .
Robinson did not long outlive his son .
Complications of heart disease and diabetes weakened Robinson and made him almost blind by middle age .
This disease had also affected his brothers .
Robinson started an insulin injection schedule .
He did not want them to think of his cultural impact on the game .
He was the first black person to do so .
He was the first black person to serve as vice president of a major American company .
He served on the organization 's board until 1967 .
He called himself a political independent .
He then supported Hubert Humphrey against Nixon in 1968 .
He threw the ceremonial first pitch before Game 2 of the World Series .
This wish was fulfilled only after Robinson 's death .
He subsequently supported Hubert Humphrey against Nixon in 1968 .
James noted that Robinson was one of the top players in the league throughout his career .
Robinson was among the 25 first members of UCLA 's Athletics Hall of Fame in 1984 .
No future player on any major league team can wear it .
He asked for Rachel Robinson 's permission to wear the number .
It honors Robinson with large quotations spanning the inner curve of the facade .
It will be located at the headquarters of the Jackie Robinson Foundation at One Hudson Square in lower Manhattan .
The New York Public School system has named a middle school after Robinson .
Dorsey High School plays at a Los Angeles football stadium named after him .
Robinson was among the 25 charter members of UCLA 's Athletics Hall of Fame in 1984 .
Robinson broke the baseball color line when he debuted with the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1947 .
He was the first black man to openly play in the major leagues since the 1880s .
He had a big role in bringing an end to racial segregation in professional baseball .
His character and skills challenged the usual basis of segregation .
Robinson and his abilities contributed a lot to the Civil Rights Movement .
Robinson received the first MLB Rookie of the Year Award in 1947 .
He also won the National League Most Valuable Player Award in 1949 .
He was the first black player to win this award .
Robinson was also known for his activities outside of baseball .
Robinson was also known for his pursuits outside the baseball diamond .
He was also part of the tennis team .
He was also a member of the tennis team .
Eddie Stanky was playing second base for the Dodgers .
So Robinson played his first major league season as a first baseman .
National League President Ford Frick and Baseball Commissioner Happy Chandler said that any striking players would be suspended .
His humanitarian character was shown by treating his patients without asking for payment .
His humanitarian character was shown by treating his patients gratuitously .
It was about the way water from the area was used as medicine to make people better .
Apple Script is a way for people to write commands and actions on their Apple Macintosh platform .
Apple Script is a way for people to write commands and actions on their Apple Macintoshes .
AppleScript is a way for people to write commands and actions on their Apple Macintosh platform .
The AppleScript program came from the HyperCard program .
AppleScript is a scripting language and framework designed for the Apple Macintosh platform that allows users to write scripts that can control a wide variety of programs .
The next version of iMacs were white and had a screen on a neck which comes from the base .
The next version of iMacs were white and had a screen on a neck which came from the base .
It was affectionately referred to as the iLamp .
The first ones came in many colors .
English stories say that he went around Canterbury being whipped as punishment for the attack on a close friend .
Thunder Bay is the most populous city in Northwestern Ontario .
It used to be two cities called Fort William and Port Arthur .
It is the second most populous in Northern Ontario after Greater Sudbury .
The most important problem in the Treaty was deciding what would happen to the Kingdom of Bulgaria .
The most important issue of the Treaty was deciding what would happen to the Kingdom of Bulgaria .
Monophysitism and Eutyches were also refused at the Council of Chalcedon in 451 .
Monophysitism and Eutyches were again rejected at the Council of Chalcedon in 451 .
He was accused by his political enemy Cyril of Alexandria of Nestorianism because he objected to the popular practice of calling the Virgin Mary the Mother of God theotokos .
His views were popular in the East .
There were 386 people living in Uhland as of the year 2006 .
The population was 386 at the 2000 census .
The Big Five is considered the five most dangerous animals to hunt and the African Buffalo is considered the most dangerous of the five members of the Big Five .
What does it mean for a word to mean something ?
What does means for a word to mean something ?
What does truth have to do with language ?
How is truth to do with language ?
He went to England to go to school and in 1813 he joined the British Army .
In 1826 Sturt went back to England and was then sent to Australia in charge of a group of convicts .
He went back to England to go to school and in 1813 he joined the British Army .
In 1826 Sturt returned to England and was then sent to Australia in charge of a group of convicts .
They went west from Sydney until they reached the Murrumbidgee near the present site of Jugiong and traveled beside it as far as the Lachlan River .
They went west from Sydney until they reached the Murrumbidgee near the present site of Jugiong and followed it as far as the Lachlan River .
They dug an underground room to try and get away from the heat .
They dug an underground room to provide get away from the heat .
The building was destroyed in a flood in 1852 .
The building was washed away in a flood in 1852 .
The etymology of the term nucleus is from 1704 meaning kernel of a nut .
The isotope of an atom is based on the number of neutrons in the nucleus .
Different isotopes in a sample of a chemical can be separated by using a centrifuge or by using a mass spectrometer .
Progressively heavier elements are made during the evolution of a star .
The isotope of an atom is determined by the number of neutrons in the nucleus .
Different isotopes in a sample of a particular chemical can be separated by using a centrifuge or by using a mass spectrometer .
Progressively heavier elements are created during the evolution of a star .
His parents died when he was young .
He started playing guitar when he was 14 and played at parties around where he lived .
McDowell moved to Memphis in 1926 where he played for money .
He still played at parties .
He started playing guitar at the age of 14 and played at dances around Rossville .
He recorded for the first time in 1959 with Alan Lomax and Shirley Collins .
McDowell 's 1969 album I Do Not Play No Rock 'N' Roll was his first featuring electric guitar .
It features parts of an interview in which he discusses the origins of the blues and the nature of love .
The ceremony was presided over by Dick Waterman and the memorial with Mc Dowell 's portrait upon it was paid for by Bonnie Raitt .
It is part of the mountain range known as the Hudson Highlands .
An old quarry can be seen on its south ridge .
The mountain may have gotten its name from a bull that farmers chased down it .
The bull 's fall gave the Breakneck Ridge its name .
A former quarry is visible on its south ridge .
It moved to Toronto in 1958 after the NHL took away its support for the Kingston location .
It moved to Toronto in 1958 after the NHL withdrew its support for the Kingston location .
It is spoken by many tribes of the Adyghe people .
It is also called Circassian .
It is also known as Circassian .
The Adyghe language is one of the two main languages of the Republic of Adygea in the Russian Federation .
Fans from more than 90 countries watched the event on television .
Fans from more than 90 countries watched the televised event .
The card for the event has two main events .
Guerrero won it after a Small package .
The event also had the returning Undertaker beat Kane after a Tombstone Piledriver .
The card for the event featured two main events .
The event also featured the returning Undertaker defeating Kane after a Tombstone Piledriver .
Triple H was the champion going into the event .
Benoit and Michaels then went on to shake hands .
Michaels then went on to sign the contract .
Triple H was the champion heading into the event .
Benoit and Michaels then proceeded to shake hands .
Michaels then proceeded to sign the contract .
Cena then grabbed his signature chain and attacked Big Show with it .
However the referee saw Cena and took the chain from him .
And then did his signature FU maneuver .
Cena then quickly pinned The Big Show to win the match and the United States Championship .
The match ended when Conway was pinned by Van Dam after Booker T used his Scissor kick maneuver on Conway .
Booker T and Rob Van Dam kept the titles as a result .
This was followed by a Playboy Evening Gown Match with Torrie Wilson and Sable against Stacy Keibler and Miss Jackie .
Nunzio then lost by count out when he was unable to return to the ring after doing a dive through the ropes onto Noble .
The next match had Eddie Guerrero and Kurt Angle fighting over the WWE Championship .
Benoit gained control over Michaels when he did the Crossface hold .
Cena then immediately pinned The Big Show to win the match and the United States Championship .
Booker T and Rob Van Dam retained the titles as a result .
This was followed by a Playboy Evening Gown Match featuring Torrie Wilson and Sable against Stacy Keibler and Miss Jackie .
Nunzio was then eliminated by count out when he was unable to return to the ring after performing a dive through the ropes onto Noble .
Akio was the next scheduled entrant but was unable to compete due too being inadvertently attacked by Tajiri when Mysterio ducked .
The next match featured Eddie Guerrero and Kurt Angle over the WWE Championship .
Benoit gained control over Michaels when he applied the Crossface hold .
In reality Angle said that he would be heaving neck surgery in May and would not be fighting until August .
Vince McMahon walked out to the stage and thanked the fans for the last twenty WrestleManias on behalf of his family and World Wrestling Entertainment .
In reality Angle announced that he would be heaving neck surgery in May and would be out of action until August .
Vince McMahon walked out to the stage and expressed his gratitude to the fans for the last twenty WrestleManias on behalf of his family and World Wrestling Entertainment .
Child sexual abuse is when an adult or older teenager makes a child do any kind of sexual activities .
Child sexual abuse is when an adult or older teenager uses a child for sexual stimulation .
Child sexual abuse is when a child is forced into sex that they do not like .
There are arguments over whether sex that the child agreed to is abuse .
Nearly everyone agrees that hugging a child is not abuse .
Child sexual abuse is when an adult or older teenager makes a child do any kind of sexual activities .
Child sexual abuse is not rare .
Around a quarter of all women and a tenth of all men were sexually abused when they were children .
Some people think that RWB has strong ties with spying agencies in western countries .
It has been said that the organization has connection with intelligence agencies including the CIA .
Reporters Without Borders is said to have strong connections with the intelligence agencies of the western countries .
Reporters Without Borders is known for having strong ties with spying agencies in western countries .
Some people think that RWB has strong ties with spying agencies in western countries .
Journalist Diana Barahona writes that RWB is a partisan organization .
Thus RWB 's trustworthiness is questionable .
Thus RWB 's credibility is questionable .
The Calder Memorial Trophy is a yearly award given to the player selected as the most proficient in his first year of competition in the National Hockey League .
The Calder Memorial Trophy is an annual award given to the player selected as the most proficient in his first year of competition in the National Hockey League .
This makes them harder to understand .
A complex thing is something which you will never understand .
A complex thing is something which is complicated or difficult to understand .
The title is only competed for on the Raw brand .
The title is exclusive to the Raw brand .
The term is often hyphenated .
Deep Blues by Robert Palmer 1981 page 150E .
A song titled Tin Roof Blues was published in 1923 by the Clarence Williams Publishing Company .
Compositional credit is given to Richard Jones .
The Jones composition uses a boogie bass in the introduction with some variation throughout .
In 1939 country artists began playing boogie woogie when Johnny Barfield recorded Boogie Woogie .
The lyrics leave no doubt that it was a Western Boogie Woogie .
Bill Haley and the Saddlemen recorded two boogies in 1951 .
The boogie beat has continued in country music through the end of the twentieth century .
Boogie woogie is still to be heard in clubs and on records throughout Europe and North America .
A Wonderful Time Up There is a boogie woogie gospel song .
There is an elevator which takes people to the top .
You 're going to the top of the tower with an elevator and then you have a great view of washington .
The story is about a man called Ted Mosby who tells his son and daughter and how he met their mother .
Y ld z Technical University is a university in Turkey .
Y ld z Technical University is an university in Turkey .
Dany Heatley is a ice hockey player for the Ottawa Senators .
Dany Heatley is a player for the Ottawa Senators .
Most earwigs are omnivores they also eat some insect larvae .
Most earwigs are omnivores they also eat some insect larvae considered garden pests .
The statue shows the President looking towards the Reflecting Pool and the Washington Monument .
The statue shows the President looking thoughtfully towards the Reflecting Pool and the Washington Monument .
A sculpture of Lincoln sitting on a throne is inside the Memorial .
The blues scale is a hexatonic scale with minor pentatonic scale .
John Stockton and Karl Malone led them to these championship games .
They are coached by Jerry Sloan right now .
He has coached them for over 20 years .
He started coaching after Frank Layden stopped coaching the Jazz .
Eli plays golf with his father and brothers a lot during the year .
Eli plays golf with his father and brothers several times a year .
Common foraging an defense have obvious advantages .
How can these animals evolve and persist ?
Darwin thought that the resolution to the paradox would lie in the close family relationship .
He could not say more at the time .
Both rely on the discovery of how genes were inherited .
This discovery was made after Darwin had published On the Origin of Species .
Sisters are more related to each other than to any offspring they might have .
Sisters are more related to each other than to their offspring .
He drove in this team from 1997 through 2006 .
The most popular driver in ferrari was Michael Schumacher .
He won for ferrari four titels .
It also ran a racing team in Formula One .
It is an important tributary of the Murray River .
It is a major tributary of the Murray River .
Turkish news presenter Ali K rca is one of the important people in Show TV .
Turkish news presenter Ali K rca is one of the key people in Show TV .
In 1824 Hume and William Hovell left Sydney to try and get to Spencer 's Gulf in South Australia .
Hume and Hovell received grants of of land .
Its name means South Lower California .
It means South Lower California .
Before 1948 Baltistan was part of Ladakh province .
The Balti language has kept may words like all the Tibetan dialects and many other languages .
It is mutually intelligible with Ladakhi and Burig .
Many of the consonants that are silent in most modern Tibetan dialects are pronounced in Balti .
The Balti language has retained may words like all the Tibetan dialects and many other languages .
It came before the Holy Roman Empire and modern Germany .
It was known as Francia Orientalis or the Kingdom of the East Franks .
Louis ' eldest surviving son Lothair I became Emperor and ruler of the Central Franks .
These areas would later vanish as separate kingdoms .
Over the centuries it changed into the Holy Roman Empire and modern Germany .
Until the beginning of the 12 .
It came before the Holy Roman Empire and modern Germany .
It was known as Francia Orientalis or the Kingdom of the East Franks .
It is one of nine official languages of Pakistan .
It is designated as one of nine official languages of Pakistan .
Bengali did become an official language on 29 February 1956 .
This day is celebrated by Bangledesh as Language Movement Day .
The Language Movement of Pakistan are indigenious political protests that occurs in Pakistan every year .
Preservation of Pakistan 's native languages against the domination of English and Urdu in the local areas and villages around the country .
They are very good climbers and swimmers .
Bobcats usually live from 10 to 14 years .
Bobcats and lynxes are closely related .
The brown eyes have round pupils .
They are excellent climbers and swimmers .
The bobcats and the lynx are closely related .
The brown eyes have circular pupils .
However all these movements had little success .
But the only exception being Germany .
But the only exception was Germany .
But the only exception being Germany .
People who disliked smoking formed the first group in Germany named the Deutscher Tabakgegnerverein zum Schutze der Nichtraucher .
It was formed in 1904 .
He gave up smoking after coming to the conclusion that it was a waste of money .
Martin Staemmler was a prominent doctor in the Third Reich .
Critics of smoking organized the first group in Germany named the Deutscher Tabakgegnerverein zum Schutze der Nichtraucher .
It was established in 1904 .
But he gave up smoking after coming to the conclusion that it was a waste of money .
Martin Staemmler was a prominent physician in the Third Reich .
Research on smoking and its effects on health thrived under Nazi rule and was the most important of its type at that time .
These groups published journals advocating nonsmoking .
He promised to end the use of tobacco in the military after the end of the war .
Hitler personally encouraged close friends not to smoke and rewarded those who quit smoking .
The Nazi leadership was concerned over this because they wanted German women to give birth .
An article published in a German gynaecology journal in 1943 stated that women smoking three or more cigarettes per day were more likely to remain childless compared to nonsmoking women .
Research and studies on tobacco 's effects on the population 's health were more advanced in Germany than in any other nation by the time the Nazis came to power .
Research projects funded by the Nazis revealed many disastrous effects of smoking on health .
Use of nicotine was sometimes considered to be responsible for increasing reports of myocardial infarction in the country .
He cited the opinion of pathologist Franz Buchner that cigarettes are a coronary poison of the first order .
The Nazis used several public relations tactics to convince the general population of Germany not to smoke .
Smoking was also outlawed in schools .
Restrictions on selling tobacco products to women were imposed on the hospitality and food retailing industry .
Editorials discussing the issue of smoking and its effects were published in .
Advertisements trying to depict smoking as harmless or as an expression of masculinity were banned .
Advertising by loudspeakers and mail was also prohibited .
Restrictions on smoking were also introduced in the Wehrmacht .
Cigarette rations in the military were limited to six per soldier per day .
Medical lectures were arranged to persuade military personnel to quit smoking .
The cover of the popular song Lili Marleen featured singer Lale Andersen holding a cigarette .
Nazi leaders believed that it was wrong for the master race to smoke and that tobacco consumption was equal to racial degeneracy .
The Nazis viewed tobacco as a genetic poison .
However all these movements had little success .
But the only exception was Germany .
People who disliked smoking formed the first group in Germany named the Deutscher Tabakgegnerverein zum Schutze der Nichtraucher .
It was formed in 1904 .
This organization existed for a brief period only .
These groups published journals critical of smoking .
This journal was published by the Bohemian organization .
The first issue of Der Tabakgegner was published in 1912 .
This journal continued to be published until 1932 .
Another journal called Deutsche Tabakgegner was published in Dresden .
It was the second journal on this issue .
It was published from 1919 to 1935 .
Adolf Hitler was a heavy smoker in his early life .
He used to smoke 25 to 40 cigarettes per day .
He gave up smoking after coming to the conclusion that it was a waste of money .
He expressed sorrow over the fact that so many excellent men have been lost to tobacco poisoning .
He was unhappy because both Eva Braun and Martin Bormann were smokers .
Hitler felt regret over the fact that military personnel were permitted to smoke .
He promised to end smoking in the military after the end of the war .
Hitler personally encouraged people who he knew very well not to smoke .
He also rewarded those who quit smoking .
Women who smoked were considered to be vulnerable to premature ageing and loss of physical attractiveness .
They were generally viewed as being not very suitable for their roles as wives and mothers of a German family .
Werner Huttig of the Nazi Party 's Office of Racial Policy claimed that breast milk of smoking mothers was found to contain nicotine .
Martin Staemmler was a prominent doctor in the Third Reich .
He said that smoking by pregnant women resulted in increasing the number of stillbirths and miscarriages .
He expressed similar view in a book published in 1936 .
The Nazi leaders were tensed over this .
They wanted the German women to give birth to more children .
An article published in a German gynaecology journal in 1943 said that women smoking three or more cigarettes per day were more prone to remain childless compared to women who did not smoke .
Research projects were funded by the Nazis .
These revealed many dangerous effects of smoking .
People believe that the link between lung cancer and tobacco was discovered it in the 1950s by American and British scientists .
But it was actually proved in Nazi Germany in the 1930s .
The term passive smoking was coined in Nazi Germany .
The organization was established in 1941 .
This institute was headed by Karl Astel .
This study report described that prevalence of lung cancer was higher among smokers .
Physicians in the Third Reich were aware of the fact that smoking is responsible for cardiac diseases .
Heart diseases were considered to be the most serious diseases caused by smoking .
Use of nicotine was sometimes considered to be responsible for increasing reports of myocardial infarction in the country .
The Nazis used many public relations tactics to influence the general population of Germany into not smoking .
Posters were published which showed the harmful effects of smoking .
Smoking was outlawed in schools also .
Smoking was outlawed in bomb shelters also .
However a few of these structures had separate rooms for smoking .
Restrictions were imposed on the hospitality and food retailing industry also .
Editorials were published in newspapers .
These editorials discussed the issue of smoking and its effects .
Strict measures were taken in this regard .
Hitler personally took this step to ban smoking in buses and city trains .
Because he feared that female ticket takers might be the victims of passive smoking .
Restrictions were imposed on the advertisement of tobacco products also .
Hunke was the President of the Advertising Council .
Advertisements trying to depict smoking as harmless were banned .
Similarly advertisements trying to depict smoking as an expression of masculinity were also banned .
Restrictions on smoking were introduced in the Wehrmacht also .
Any soldier in the Wehrmacht was not given more than six cigarettes a day .
However these were restricted to 50 for each person per month .
Medical lectures were also arranged to persuade military personnel to quit smoking .
The years from 1933 to 1937 saw quick growth in tobacco consumption in Germany .
The cover of the popular song Lili Marleen showed singer Lale Andersen with a cigarette .
Below is a comparison of per capita cigarette consumption rate per year in Germany and the United States from 1930 to 1944 .
Nazi leaders held a view that it was not right for the master race to smoke and tobacco consumption became equal to racial degeneracy .
The Nazis often equated the Jews with the harmful effects of tobacco .
Reason has been an important part of philosophy since Ancient Greece .
Reason has been a big topic in philosophy since Ancient Greece .
It is directly related to today 's National Hockey League .
It is the direct predecessor organization to today 's National Hockey League .
Its original text was Latin .
Most say that either Augustine of Hippo or Ambrose wrote it .
Contemporary scholars say that neither of them wrote it .
Te Deum is close in theology to the Apostles ' Creed .
It has both a poetic view of the heavenly liturgy with a declaration of faith .
God is named from the start of the song .
Many people have written music for the text .
The original text is Latin .
Contemporary scholars doubt this attribution .
The hymn follows the outline of the Apostles ' Creed .
It mixes a poetic vision of the heavenly liturgy with its declaration of faith .
God is named immediately .
Many people have composed music for the text .
Contemporary scholars say that neither of them did .
Contemporary scholars say that neither of them wrote it .
Parramatta sits on the bank of the Parramatta River and is in the middle of the Sydney metropolitan area .
Parramatta sits on the bank of the Parramatta River and is the middle of the Sydney metropolitan area .
This is a clear statement of the kind of evolutionary thinking which Lamarck was known for .
This is a clear statement of the kind of evolutionary thinking which Lamarck is known for .
Pena was completely blind by the time he was 20 .
Pena was born with congenital glaucoma .
Pena was completely blind by the time he was 20 .
Pena performed in the Contemporary Composer 's Workshop at the Newport Folk Festival the same year .
He played bass guitar and provided backup vocals on Bonnie Raitt 's debut album .
He opened for Jerry Garcia and Merl Saunders at the Keystone in Berkeley and other area clubs many times over the course of the next three years .
That went on for some time .
Pena also taught himself Tuvan .
He used a device called an Optacon to scan the pages and convert the printed words into tactile sensations he could read with his finger .
Pena traveled to Tuva and was the first westerner to compete in the Symposium .
He placed first in the Kargyraa contest and also won the audience favorite category .
Pena said My voice is lower than most Tuvans .
They have a style that makes your voice lower .
The 1999 film Genghis Blues documented Pena 's journey to Tuva .
It won the 1999 Sundance Film Festival Audience Award for a Documentary .
It was also nominated for an Academy Award in 2000 in the Documentary Feature category .
In 1997 Pena was severely injured after his bedroom caught fire .
He suffered smoke inhalation and was in a coma for 4 days .
Pena suffered from diabetes .
He began chemotherapy treatments and doctors gave him six months to live .
Most uniforms have the name and uniform number of the player who wears it .
The uniform 's color and insignia are mainly used to tell players apart from each other .
Most uniforms have logos and colors to tell teams apart .
Baseball uniforms were first worn by the New York Knickerbockers .
Most uniforms have different logos and colors to tell different teams apart also .
It became common to wear white at home and gray or such dark or gray colors on the road .
It became common to wear white at home and gray or another dark or gray color on the road .
It was popular through the 1890s .
The Kansas City Athletics designed new white shoes in the 1960s .
The Kansas City Athletics designed revolutionary white shoes in the 1960s .
Pinstriping on baseball uniforms created in the 19th century were not used very long in major and minor league baseball .
Pinstriping on baseball uniforms created in the 19th century was not used very long in major and minor league baseball .
Pinstriping on baseball uniforms created in the 19th century were not used very long in major and minor league baseball .
Uniforms with easier to see pinstriping was first was worn on several major league team uniforms in 1912 .
The standard modern cap has changed very little recently .
The standard modern cap has changed very little in recent decades .
This led to their nickname .
They mostly do this to show what their occupation or position is in baseball .
The New York Giants later used a almost the same as the Brooklyn Superbas used on their road uniforms .
The New York Giants later used a almost the same as the Brooklyn Superbas used .
The word live is used to describe the special way that the operating system is set up so that it can run on a computer without needing to install anything first .
A LiveDistro does not change the Operating System or files already installed on the computer hard drive unless told to do so .
Christians are the largest minority group in Pakistan .
Dwarf allosaur is a species of theropod dinosaur that lived in Australia about 106 million years ago in the Cretaceous period .
It is related to the Allosaurus but it is smaller and lived 30 million years after all other allosaurs had gone extinct .
It only lived there during the summer and would have migrated north during the winter because it would not survive the subzero temperature .
It only lived there during the summer and would have migrated north during the winter as it would not be able the survive the subzero temperature .
Despite its poor fossil record it appearred in the BBC television series Walking with Dinosaurs .
People think it is one of the best Wii games .
This system of trading was used mostly in Ancient Ghana .
This system of trading was used in mostly in Ancient Ghana .
The capital is also called Zacatecas .
It can also be used to stuff pillows and make wood filling .
It can be used to stuff pillows and make wood filling .
The most popular use of polyester is polyester suits and it can also be used to stuff pillows and make wood filling .
Sesame Street is a children 's television series with human actors and puppets that are called muppets .
It has existed since 1969 .
Sesame street was sold to 120 countries all over the world .
More than 4000 episodes have been made over 40 seasons .
Big Bird is an 8 ft 12inch yellow bird .
His best friend is Aloysius Snuffleupagus who looks like a mammoth .
Bert and Ernie are the two most famous Muppets .
Ernie is more active and always ready to play a game or make a mess .
Cookie Monster eats large amounts of cookies .
A newer Muppet is Elmo .
Not only Muppets play in the show but also human actors who live with the muppets .
Each episode finishes with a short story read by one of the actors .
Sesame Street is a children 's television series about muppets .
It exists since 1969 .
The program was sold to 120 countries all over the world .
There were made more then 4000 episodes spread over 36 seasons .
The Muppet Big Bird is an 8 ft 12inch yellow bird in America while he 's blue in Holland .
He is often visited by his friend Aloysius Snuffleupagus who has the nickname Snuffy and looks like a mammoth from the prehistory .
Ernie is always ready to play a funny game while Bert loves to play with stupid things like paperclips or pigeons .
There are a lot of other Muppets like Elmo and the Cookie Monster .
It are not only Muppets who plays in the show but also human actors .
Each episode finishes with a short story red by one of the actors .
It 's about a lawyer who has to defend his clients for murder .
It 's about a defense attorney who has to defend his clients for murder .
It 's about a lawyer who has to defend his clients for murder .
It 's about a defense attorney who has to defend his clients for murder .
It 's about a lawyer who has to defend his clients for murder .
It 's about a defense attorney who has to defend his clients for murder .
The game is played using the touch screen only .
The game is controlled using the touch screen only .
Bengal cats are a hybrid breed of cat .
They were breed to be even temperament house cats .
It was a big hit and sold 400 quadrillion copies .
Princess Toadstool asks Mario and Luigi to fuck .
This game goes back the original platform conventions of Super Mario Cock .
One such item is the Dickman .
All seven bosses float around in large shits .
It was a big hit and sold 40 million copies .
Princess Toadstool asks Mario and Luigi to help .
One such item is the Starman .
All seven bosses float around in large ships .
It is placed on music CDs .
It is placed on the music CDs .
Parental Advisory is a sticker that tells parents that something may not be suitable for children .
The sticker is usually placed on Music CDs .
It tells parents that the texts of the songs contain words or phrases that some consider bad for children .
Parental Advisiory is something that tells parents that something may not be suitable for children .
It is placed on music CDs .
The Kassite kings set up a network of provinces administered by governors .
The Kassite kings kept control of their realm through a network of provinces administered by governors .
The revived city of Nippur was the most important provincial center .
Edge said it was a best takes on rhythm games and one of the last good Game Boy gamess .
It was made by Nintendos ' Research and Development 1 .
A sequel was released on the Nintendo DS called Rhythm Tengoku Gold in 2008 .
The player has to beat one level to go onto to the next .
The player is shown how well he or she did at the end and is given a rank .
Edge said it was a best takes on rhythm games and one of the last good Game Boy Advance games .
It was made by the same people who made the WarioWare games .
A sequel is going to be released on the Nintendo DS called Rhythm Tengoku Gold .
The player is shown how well he did at the end and is given a rank .
Edge said it was a best takes on rhythm games and one of the last good Game Boy games .
Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal were married for 19 years .
They had thirteen children together .
Seven of the children died at birth or at a very young age .
A Mughal prince could only become the Emperor if they fought well and became respected .
Mumtaz Mahal supported Shah Jahan and they loved and respected eac other very much .
She had been with her husband as he was fighting a campaign in the Deccan Plateau .
Her body was kept at Burhanpur in a walled pleasure garden known as Zainabad .
The garden was originally constructed by Shah Jahan 's uncle Daniyal on the bank of the Tapti River .
She also asked her husband not to marry anyone else .
The emperor promised immediately .
There it was put in a small building on the banks of the Yumma River .
Shah Jahan stayed behind in Burhanpur to finish the military campaign that had originally bought him to the region .
Mumtaz Mahal is the nickname of Arjumand Banu Begum .
She was his constant companion and trusted confidant and their relationship was intense .
She had been accompanying her husband whilst he was fighting a campaign in the Deccan Plateau .
Her body was temporarily buried at Burhanpur in a walled pleasure garden known as Zainabad originally constructed by Shah Jahan 's uncle Daniyal on the bank of the Tapti River .
She also asked her husband not to marry anyone .
Burhanpur was never intended by her husband as his wife 's final resting spot .
As a result her body was disinterred in December 1631 and transported in a golden gasket escorted by her son Shah Shuja and the head lady in waiting of the deceased Empress back to Agra .
There it was interred in a small building on the banks of the Yumma River .
Shah Jahan stayed behind in Burhanpur to conclude the military campaign that had originally bought him to the region .
It was also nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Book in 1991 .
It was also nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1991 .
Environmentalists often talk about threats to the earth from pollution and overpopulation .
Environmentalism is both a philosophy and a social movement that is about protecting nature .
Environmentalists often talk about threats to the earth from pollution and overpopulation .
Environmentalism is both personal and political .
He started playing mandolin at the age of five .
He took lessons from John Moore .
This was Thile 's fifth album .
In Social Darwinism the phrase is commonly used to mean only the fittest organisms will prevail .
This is not consistent with the actual theory of evolution .
Microevolution can typically be described as changes in allele frequencies .
They reached Hume 's farm 10 days later .
Some were fascinated by his personality .
Others could not really make sense of him .
Some thought he was dagerous and rebellious .
Some thought he was dangerous and rebellious .
He appeared on the art scene in Rome in 1600 .
A notice on him was published in 1604 .
Some thought he was dagerous and rebellious .
The earliest informative account of his life in the city is a court transcript dated 11 July 1597 where Caravaggio and Prospero Orsi were witnesses to a crime near San Luigi de ' Francesi .
In 1606 he killed a young man in a brawl and fled from Rome with a price on his head .
These people form a community that can discuss a topic or advocate a point of view .
This is sometimes called flaming .
This assumes that people are in general interested in discussions and forming a community of those who can agree on something that they can then advocate to other people .
Blog is a short form for weblog .
Almost anyone can create a blog and then write postings or posts on that blog .
Posts very often include links to other sites .
Blogs can have a single author or many authors .
Not all blog postings need to be discussed or corrected .
These people can discuss a topic or advocate a point of view .
Often people have their own blog and publish an RSS feed to it .
Many people find it more convenient to read the postings on a large number of blogs through RSS rather than visiting each site directly .
But an advantage of blogs is that even people outside that clique can comment on the original discussion .
These people form a community that can discuss a topic or advocate a point of view .
Often people have their own blog and publish an RSS Feed to it .
This allows content aggregators to combine popular Blogs .
Blog is a short for weblog .
A weblog is a website that is like a diary .
Almost anybody can create a blog and then write on that blog .
Posts often include links to other sites .
Blogs can have one writer or more than one .
Blog is a short form for weblog .
Almost anyone can create a blog and then write postings or posts on that blog .
Posts very often include links to other sites .
Blogs can have a single author or many authors .
Blog is another word for weblog .
Most people can create a blog and then write on that blog .
Blogs can have one writer or more .
These people can discuss a topic or their point of view .
Blog is a short for weblog .
Almost anybody can create a blog and then write on that blog .
Blogs can have one writer or more than one .
These people can discuss a topic or advocate a point of view .
A weblog is a website that is like a diary or journal .
Blogs can have one or more writers .
Often people have their own blog and make an RSS feed to it .
A weblog is a website that is like a diary .
Posts often include links to other sites .
Blogs can have one writer or more .
Often people have their own blog and publish an RSS feed to it .
Many people find it more convenient to read the postings on a large number of blogs through RSS rather than visiting each site directly .
Not all blog posts need to be talked about or fixed .
Not all blog posts need to be discussed or fixed .
It is owned by Google .
In Japan it is an important city in pollution .
It also has an imortant recycling .
It is midway between Tokyo and Shanghai .
It is a very important industrial city .
Kitaky sh has a population of almost one million people .
It is on the main Shinkansen line between Fukuoka and Tokyo .
Because of cloud they could not bomb Kokura .
The bomb was dropped on Nagasaki instead .
Kitaky sh has a population of just under one million .
Please see .
The city 's symbol mark is a flower with the kanji of Kita in the middle and five petals representing the five towns which came together to make the city in February 1963 .
Kokura Prefecture was founded separately from Fukuoka Prefecture in 1871 when the clan system was abolished .
It is opposite Riverwalk Kitakyushu .
In 1876 Kokura Prefecture was absorbed by Fukuoka Prefecture .
The city of Kokura was founded in 1900 .
The expression Kokura 's luck thereafter became common in Japan to refer to occasions when someone avoids something unpleasant without their knowledge .
The population has steadily decreased in recent years .
The novelist Mori gai lived in Kokura for several years and his house is open to the public in Kokura Kita ward .
It is a ten minute walk from Kokura Station .
A museum dedicated to him is located in the city center near Kokura Castle .
The writer Hino Ashihei was born in Wakamatsu ward and his birthplace can be visited .
Lily Franky the illustrator was born in Kokura .
Professor Ted Fujita was born in what is now Kokura Minami ward .
Nippon Steel Corporation is still a major employer but the Yahata and Tobata plants are much reduced from the heyday of the 1960s .
A smaller scale shopping center called Cha Cha Town has been created by Nishitetsu railroad and bus company next to the Sunatsu bus depot in Kokura Kita ward .
It is of course easily accessible by bus and there are lots of free concerts on the stage in the middle of the complex .
Riverwalk Kitakyushu is the newest shopping center in Kokura .
It is next to the castle and to Murasaki river which runs through the center of Kokura Kita ward .
The Kitakyushu Science and Research Park is home to four universities and nine research organizations .
It will eventually be connected with Kokura Station by a new fast rail link .
A new airline based in the city called StarFlyer began operations when the airport opened .
Kokura Station owned by JR Kyushu is the penultimate stop on the Sanyo Shinkansen before the Hakata Station terminus and all Shinkansen services stop here .
It is also served by local and express trains on the Kagoshima and the Nippo main lines .
Within the city transport is provided by buses and a monorail line .
The Kitakyushu Monorail links Kokura station efficiently and cheaply with residents and commuters in Kokura Minami ward .
Kitaky sh is the largest ferry port in Western Japan .
There are several bridges in Kitaky sh and between the city and other places .
Kitaky sh is now the most advanced city in Japan with regard to pollution control and recycling technology .
A theme park called Space World is in East Yahata ward .
It has some of the best sightseeing spots in Ky sh .
There are eight characters of each weight class .
The cars are classified into three different weight classes .
It allows the character to grow very big in size and flatten other players .
This was done together with Greenpeace .
An individual 's genotype is the physical appearence that the individual will show because of the set of alleles it happens to have .
Alleles can be represented in a Punnett square .
An individual 's genotype for that gene is the set of alleles it happens to possess .
Alleles are prominently represented in a Punnett square .
Through the Fire and Flames is the first single from the British power metal band DragonForce .
The song was used in DragonForce 's first music video .
The length of the song was cut to 5 minutes and 1 second for the video .
Through the Fire and Flames is the most successful single by the British power metal band DragonForce .
It is considered to be the hardest song in the game .
The lyrics of the song explain fighting between good and evil in Hell .
The main character wants to be free as explained by the song .
The track was used in the first music video by DragonForce .
The video used the shorter version of the song .
I was only 4 minutes and 59 seconds in length .
The video shows the band playing on a dark stage .
Pictures of all sides of the band members are shown .
It was also shown on monitor screens during the band 's performances at Ozzfest 2006 .
The DVD is made up of nineteen songs that Lavigne performed during her Best Damn Tour .
The DVD consists of nineteen songs that Lavigne performed during her Best Damn Tour .
He is the youngest ever Formula One World Champion .
He is often labeled the first black driver in Formula One .
He won the World Championship the next season by one point ahead of Felipe Massa .
He sais he wants to stay with the McLaren team for the rest of his F1 career .
He is a British Formula One driver .
Dennis got his details and phoned him a few years later when he began winning championships .
His father 's parents emigrated from Grenada to the United Kingdom in the 1950s .
Hamilton 's parents separated when he was two .
At first he lived with his mother .
Hamilton started kart racing when he was six .
He said this was to avoid the media scrutiny in the United Kingdom .
Hamilton was publicly criticism from UK MPs including Liberal Democrat MP Bob Russell for avoiding UK taxes .
He settled in Luins in Vaud canton on Lake Geneva .
He had been caught speeding at on a French motorway .
In order to cope he took up Karate .
Hamilton received public criticism from UK MPs including Liberal Democrat MP Bob Russell for avoiding UK taxes .
Retrieved 5 June 2010 .
Hamilton began karting in 1993 at the age of eight .
He quickly began winning races and class championships .
At the age of ten he approached McLaren F1 team boss Ron Dennis for an autograph .
Hamilton made good progress through the karting ranks .
Ron Dennis signed Hamilton to the McLaren driver development program .
This contract included an option of a future F1 seat .
Hamilton would become the youngest ever driver to secure a contract which led in an F1 racing position .
Dennis delivered on his promise and signed Hamilton to the McLaren driver development program .
He finished fifth overall in the winter series .
This led to full Formula Renault UK seasons in 2002 and 2003 .
Hamilton finished 2002 in third place .
In 2003 he won the championship with ten wins and 419 points .
He make his debut in the British Formula Three Championship at the season finale .
He did show his speed at both the Macau Grand Prix and Korea Super Prix .
It was only his fourth F3 race .
Hamilton made his debut in the Formula 3 Euro Series in 2004 .
Hamilton ended the year fifth in the championship .
He first tested for McLaren in late 2004 at Silverstone .
Hamilton moved to the Euro Series champions ASM for the 2005 season .
His 2006 GP2 championship happened at the same time there was a vacancy at McLaren .
Hamilton was confirmed as the team 's second driver .
He would be paired with defending champion Fernando Alonso for season .
He was told of McLaren 's decision on 30 September .
The news was not made public until 24 November .
McLaren was afraid the news would be overshadowed by Michael Schumacher 's retirement announcement .
This led to a full 2002 Formula Renault UK campaign with Manor Motorsport .
Hamilton finished third overall with three wins and three pole positions .
At the beginning of 2004 Hamilton and McLaren had an argument which resulted in McLaren temporarily dropping him .
They won one race and Hamilton ended the year fifth in the championship .
He also won the Bahrain F3 Superprix and raced one of the Macau F3 Grand Prix .
Hamilton first tested for McLaren in late 2004 at Silverstone .
In Istanbul he recovered from a spin that left him in eighteenth place to take second position in the final corners .
Alonso had joined McLaren after leaving Renault .
Hamilton again finished second behind Massa in the Spanish Grand Prix .
This put him in the lead in the drivers championship .
Hamilton broke Bruce McLaren 's record of being the youngest driver to ever lead the world championship .
Hamilton had both his first pole position and first victory of his F1 career in the Canadian Grand Prix .
He was unable to complete qualifying and started the race in tenth position .
He was able to rejoin the race after the restart .
The first sign that Hamilton was unhappy with his team appearing after he finished second at Monaco .
The FIA look to see if McLaren had broken rules by enforcing team orders .
FIA determined that McLaren did not break any rules .
This caused Hamilton to miss one last lap to try and earn the pol position .
Alonso was moved back to the sixth starting position .
This moved Hamilton to the pole .
McLaren was docked constructors championship points .
Hamilton said he thought Alonso 's penalty was quite light if anything and only regretted the loss of constructors ' points .
The pair were not on speaking terms for a short period .
The drivers ' briefing has no purpose .
You go there to hear what Charlie Whiting and the other officials say .
Both sides agreed to the departure of Alonso .
He continued with a spare chassis and took third place in qualifying .
He was back on the podium in Spain finishing third from fifth on the grid .
His performance was stated as being one of his best drives to date .
Hamilton himself said in the post race press conference that it was his most difficult and most meaningful win .
As a result his main title rival Massa inherited the win .
The Italian Grand Prix was won by Sebastian Vettel in the Toro Rosso .
Both Massa and Hamilton failed to capitalize on the weather and each other 's poor grid positions finishing sixth and seventh respectively .
This result cut Hamilton 's lead in the Championship to one point .
This meant that with just two races to go Hamilton led the World Championship by five points from Massa .
Hamilton needed to finish at least fifth in the to secure the World Championship .
Hamilton 's overtaking move happened after Massa had crossed the line to win .
He is also the first British driver to win the World Championship since Damon Hill triumphed in 1996 .
The FIA have warned Spanish authorities about the repetition of such behavior .
The website contained an animated image of Interlagos that allowed users to leave nails and porcupines on the track for Hamilton 's car to run over .
His rival Fernando Alonso condemned the racist supporters .
Hamilton benefited from a late crash between Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel and BMW Sauber 's Robert Kubica to move into fourth place by the end of the race .
Hamilton was then disqualified from the race for providing misleading evidence during the stewards ' hearing .
He later privately apologised to FIA race director Charlie Whiting for having lied to the stewards .
In the race a poor pit stop by the mechanics lost Hamilton first place but he finished a steady second behind Rubens Barrichello 's Brawn .
This mathematically eliminated his chances of defending his title .
After having a difficult 2009 season Hamilton was set out to challenge for the title hoping that this year could be a much better season for him and McLaren .
After the race the rules were clarified by stewards to only allow a driver to weave once even if they are only trying to break a tow .
The next weekend at Monaco Hamilton and teammate Jenson Button raced with a diamond encrusted steering wheel .
Hamilton 's steering wheel had the year 08 placed on it in diamonds and Button had the year 09 on his wheel .
Hamilton qualified and finished 5th .
Hamilton was then promoted to 1st after Vettel and Webber collided with each other on Lap 40 .
This fine did not appear to affect Hamilton who won the race and promoted him to lead the Drivers Championship .
Hamilton had been denied the chance to drive it in 2009 when the car had a gearbox problem the day before he drove it at the Goodwood Festival of Speed .
Hamlilton qualified third in Valencia and passed Mark Webber at the start of the race .
Fernando Alonso was a second behind Hamilton and was disadvantaged by having to remain behind the safety car .
Alonso complained on the radio to his team which led to the stewards investigating the incident and penalising Hamilton with a drive through penalty .
The stewards announced the penalty 20 minutes after the incident which allowed Hamilton to make a gap before serving the penalty and kept him in second place .
Hamilton finished second behind Vettel and retained his lead in the drivers championship .
Lewis Hamilton 's contract for the McLaren driver development program made him the youngest ever driver to secure a contract which later resulted in an F1 drive .
In 2007 he made his F1 appearance at the Australian Grand Prix and finished 3rd after running most of the race in 2nd place and even leading a few laps .
In the Malaysian Grand Prix he followed it up with a 2nd place .
He followed it up with another win from pole in the United States Grand Prix a week later .
In a torrential rainstorm in the European Grand Prix he aquaplaned off the track and was thought to have retired but he kept the engine running and was lifted out of the sand with a crane .
The race was stopped to clean up the wreckage of another 5 cars that have also aquaplaned and on the restart he was a lap behind .
He risked pitting for slicks on a damp track with a few puddles and he went off the track several times .
In Turkey he was on course for 3rd until a late race puncture dropped him to 5th .
He finished 2nd in Italy followed by a 4th in Belgium .
On his way into the pits he spun into the gravel and got his first retirement in Formula One .
He needed 2nd place in Brazil to secure the championship and dropped from 2nd on the grid to 4th after the first turns .
He would start in 9th in Malaysia after getting a 5 place grid penalty for impeding in qualifying .
In Bahrain he started 3rd but made a bad start and dropped to 12th .
A lap later he lost his front wing when he slammed into the back of Fernando Alonso .
In Monaco he qualified 3rd and in a wet race he ran 2nd early on .
On lap 6 he had a puncture after hitting a wall and rejoined in 4th after pitting for fuel and a new tyre .
In France he started 13th due to a penalty for the pit lane crash in Canada and was up to 8th when he got a penalty for cutting a chicane .
He recovered to finish 10th .
He scored pole position in the British Grand Prix and won the race .
He used a spare chassis and took third place in qualifying .
He was back on the podium in Spain finishing third .
There was a red light at the end of the pit lane .
He continued with a spare chassis and took third place in qualifying .
He was back on the podium in Spain finishing third from fifth on the grid .
This was called one of his best performance to date .
The race officials said that gave Hamilton an unfair advantage .
Hamilton was given a 25 second penalty .
The penalty dropping him to third place .
McLaren appealed the penalty to the FIA World Motor Sport Council .
The appeal was rejected .
The council said the case was inadmissible .
Felipe Massa was his closest rival for the Championship title .
Massa could only manage to qualify fifth .
Hamilton ran wide at the first corner .
This forced some of the drivers behind him to go off the track .
Hamilton pulled alongside and made a move to pass him .
Massa then ran wide and both cars hit .
Hamilton car went into a spin .
Hamilton dropped down to last place .
He qualified on pole position .
The Brazilian Grand Prix was the last race of the year .
Hamilton needed to finish at least fifth the to win the World Championship .
After a hard fought race Hamilton was in fifth place .
Sebastian Vettel passed Hamilton for fifth position .
Massa had already won the race .
During the final lap of both Vettel and Hamilton passed Timo Glock .
This put Hamilton back into fifth place .
Hamilton 's pass gave him one more point than Massa .
Hamilton had won the 2008 Formula One World Championship .
He is also the first British driver to win the World Championship since Damon Hill in 1996 .
Several Spanish spectators wore black face paint and black wigs .
They wore shirts saying Hamilton 's .
Hamilton had become unpopular in Spain because of his rivalry with Spaniard Fernando Alonso .
The FIA warned Spanish authorities not to let this behavior continue .
His performance was stated as being one of his best drives to date .
As a result his main title rival Massa inherited the win .
The Italian Grand Prix was won by Sebastian Vettel in the Toro Rosso .
Both Massa and Hamilton failed to capitalize on the weather and each other 's poor grid positions finishing sixth and seventh respectively .
This result cut Hamilton 's lead in the Championship to one point .
This meant that with just two races to go Hamilton led the World Championship by five points from Massa .
Hamilton needed to finish at least fifth in the to secure the World Championship .
Hamilton 's overtaking move happened after Massa had crossed the line to win .
He is also the first British driver to win the World Championship since Damon Hill triumphed in 1996 .
The FIA have warned Spanish authorities about the repetition of such behavior .
The website contained an animated image of Interlagos that allowed users to leave nails and porcupines on the track for Hamilton 's car to run over .
His rival Fernando Alonso condemned the racist supporters .
Hamilton finished the race in third place after Jarno Trulli was penalized .
Hamilton and McLaren told the stewards they did not let Trulli pass .
The McLaren radio communication proved that was a lie .
Hamilton was disqualified from the race for providing misleading evidence during the stewards ' hearing .
He later apologized in private to FIA race director Charlie Whiting for lying .
He only scored a few points .
On the first lap he and Mark Webber hit each other .
Hamilton had a flat tyre and damaged his car .
He finished 18th .
Hamilton 's performance improved at the Hungaroring .
Hamilton started fourth .
A good start with a KERS assisted car start moved him to second place by the first corner .
By lap 13 he was leading the race .
In the race a poor pit stop by the mechanics lost Hamilton first place .
He finished second .
This removed any chance of defending his title .
Hamilton benefited from a late crash between Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel and BMW Sauber 's Robert Kubica to move into fourth place by the end of the race .
Hamilton was then disqualified from the race for providing misleading evidence during the stewards ' hearing .
He later privately apologised to FIA race director Charlie Whiting for having lied to the stewards .
In the race a poor pit stop by the mechanics lost Hamilton first place but he finished a steady second behind Rubens Barrichello 's Brawn .
This mathematically eliminated his chances of defending his title .
He finished third in Bahrain .
Hamilton was given a warning during the race .
He weaved four times trying to break the aerodynamic tow of Vitaly Petrov .
Hamilton was not trying to block him .
After the race the rules were clarified .
Hamilton was involved in a pit lane incident with Red Bull driver Sebastian Vettel .
Both drivers received a reprimand from race stewards .
Hamilton qualified third for the Spanish Grand Prix .
Near the end of the race he was running in second behind Mark Webber .
Hamilton had already set the fastest lap of the race .
The left front suspension was destroyed and Hamilton was out of the race .
He was classified with a 14th place finish .
Hamilton 's steering wheel had the year 08 placed on it in diamonds for his championship in 2008 .
Button had the year 09 on his wheel for his championship in 2009 .
Hamilton qualified and finished fifth .
Hamilton was running in second place when Vettel and Webber collided with each other on Lap 40 .
That moved Hamilton into first place .
Jenson Button was then in second place .
They passed each other once before the end of the race .
Hamilton qualified on pole for the Canadian Grand Prix .
He has started from the pole at every of his F1 races at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve .
Hamilton won the race and moved into the lead the Drivers Championship .
Hamilton was clearly excited and overcome with emotion .
Hamlilton qualified third in Valencia .
He passed Mark Webber at the start of the race .
Hamilton passed the safety car instead of slowing down to follow the safety car .
Fernando Alonso was behind Hamilton and had to remain behind the safety car .
Alonso complained on the radio to his team .
The stewards investigated the incident and penalized Hamilton with a drive through penalty .
There was a 20 minutes before the penalty was announced .
This allowed Hamilton to build up a large gap with the car behind him .
This made Alonso and the Ferrari team mad .
Hamilton then accused Alonso of sour grapes .
Hamilton finished second and retained his lead in the drivers championship .
He finished second at Silverstone and fourth at Hockenheim .
He lost the championship lead to Webber .
After having a difficult 2009 season Hamilton was set out to challenge for the title hoping that this year could be a much better season for him and McLaren .
After the race the rules were clarified by stewards to only allow a driver to weave once even if they are only trying to break a tow .
Hamilton 's steering wheel had the year 08 placed on it in diamonds and Button had the year 09 on his wheel .
Hamilton qualified and finished 5th .
Hamilton was then promoted to 1st after Vettel and Webber collided with each other on Lap 40 .
This fine did not appear to affect Hamilton who won the race and promoted him to lead the Drivers Championship .
Hamilton had been denied the chance to drive it in 2009 when the car had a gearbox problem the day before he drove it at the Goodwood Festival of Speed .
Hamlilton qualified third in Valencia and passed Mark Webber at the start of the race .
Fernando Alonso was a second behind Hamilton and was disadvantaged by having to remain behind the safety car .
Alonso complained on the radio to his team which led to the stewards investigating the incident and penalising Hamilton with a drive through penalty .
The stewards announced the penalty 20 minutes after the incident which allowed Hamilton to make a gap before serving the penalty and kept him in second place .
Hamilton finished second behind Vettel and retained his lead in the drivers championship .
Lewis Hamilton 's contract for the McLaren driver development program made him the youngest ever driver to secure a contract which later resulted in an F1 drive .
Most people call the university Virginia Tech .
It breathes fire of such great heat that it melts anything .
It blows out fire at very high temperatures .
They can breath very hot flames that can melt anything .
It breathes intense flames that can melt any material .
Charizard also crush their enemies with its claws .
Known to cause forest fires unintentionally .
Liberation means freedom and right to rule themselves .
He came to deal with the problems accumulated by his predecessor ever more perfunctorily and with apparent lack of forethought .
Within 32 months he had imperiously led his country to humiliating military defeat and the dismemberment before it had completed it first quarter century of existence .
He sacked several hundred officials on grounds of corruption .
At the same time he freely used martial law regulations to suppress dissent .
Ayub had conceded a form of parliamentary government and direct election of assemblies on the basis of adult franchise .
Yahya now demolished the system of parity in parliament between the two parts of the country .
The people were seized by enthusiasm at their first ever opportunity to vote on national issues .
The election itself was the culmination of the most frenzied political debate the country had witnessed .
Turn out was heavy and polling free of interference .
He played simulataneously on the Eastern Wing 's suspicions as to his junta 's commitment to relinquishing power and on Bhutto 's rejection f Mujib 's Six Points as a thinly disguised formula for secession .
General Yahya allowed the perleys to drag on and failed to assess the consequences of putting off the assembly 's inaugural session .
Clumsy use of force against the civilian population and the removal of traitory Sheikh Mujib to West Pakistan to face charges carrying the death penalty pushed East Pakistan into a bloody civil war .
Republic of India saw the opportunity to intervene decisively in East Pakistan .
It opened its doors to all those who sought refuge on its territory and helped them raise militias to fight the Pakistan Army .
Pakistani forces in East Pakistan had neither the strength nor the leadership to give an honorable account of themselves .
General Yahya could not resist one last fling .
A new constitution drafted by his insulated experts was issued which even the officially owned newspapers could not be persuaded to publish .
They begged him to return and assume the leadership of the nation that remained .
The brief Yahya interregnum is to be credited with the country 's first free and fair election .
The modern synthesis brought Darwin 's idea up to date .
The struggle for existence of animals and plant in the wild causes natural selection .
The strength of natural selection in the wild was greater than even Darwin expected .
Genetic drift is usually less important than natural selection .
The modern synthesis suggests that the same factors which act today also acted in the past .
Evolution consists mainly of changes in the frequencies of alleles between one generation and another ' were proposed rather later .
All evolutionary phenomena can be explained in a way consistent with known genetic mechanisms and the observations of naturalists .
The object of selection is the phenotype in its surrounding environment .
Historical contingency means explanations at different levels may exist .
Gradualism does not mean constant rate of change .
Harvard 1977 .
The Modern evolutionary synthesis is a theory of how life changes over time .
The idea that new species occur after populations are reproductively isolated has been much debated .
Modern evolutionary synthesis is a theory how life changes over time .
The idea that speciation occurs after populations are reproductively isolated has been much debated .
Evolution consists mainly of changes in the frequencies of alleles between one generation and another ' were proposed rather later .
ED Zachary Evidence for Evoluiotn .
Even slight advantages are important when continued .
Species only change little from one generation to the next .
An example of a big change that occurred suddenly is polyploidy .
An example of a big change that occurs suddenly is polyploidy in plants .
An example of a big change that occurred suddenly is polyploidy in plants .
Her father is called Igor and he is a professor who teaches computer science .
She is the first Slovak woman to win this much money just from tennis tournaments .
She is the first Slovak woman to win this much money simply from tennis tournaments .
It is the latest of the triumphal arches in Rome .
The main inscription was made of bronze letters .
The main inscription would originally have been of bronze letters .
At that time the word great meant big .
He was the son and successor of Louis VI .
He ruled from 1137 until his death .
It is a perfect example of the rayonnante period of Gothic architecture .
It is perhaps the high point of the full tide of the rayonnante period of Gothic architecture .
It started with the foundation of an abbey built for Saint Peter in 678 or 679 .
A mythical creature is a mythological or folkloric creature .
It has a clear Romanesque and Gothic form .
It was founded by Benedict in 1069 and built by the de Lacy family .
It was founded by Benedict in 1069 and subsequently built by the de Lacy family .
Some ratio changes were made in 2004 .
It is used as a national flag and civil ensign .
The first kites had sails made of paper or light fabrics such as silk .
It ran out of water in March 1999 .
It rose out of the water overnight in March 1999 .
The leader of the PLO used to be Yasser Arafat .
He signed a series of Peace Treaties called the Olso Accords with Yitzhak Rabin who the Prime Minister of Israel at the time .
Many members of the PLO and Israel did n't agree with the Accords and Yasser was soon killed by his own people .
The leader of the PLO was Yasser Arafat .
It consists of about one fifth of Jammu and Kashmir .
It is ruled by China but claimed by the Republic of India .
It represents about one fifth of Jammu and Kashmir .
It is administered by China and claimed by the Republic of India .
Many articles are shorter than the same article in the English Wikipedia .
It was started in 2004 .
There have also been changes .
Many articles are shorter than the same articles in the English Wikipedia .
Many articles are shorter than the same article in the English Wikipedia .
Welcome to Wikipedia for simpletons !
There have also been changes .
Main Page Many articles are shorter than the same articles in the English Wikipedia .
There are certain editors who can do more with Wikipedia .
They are called and .
Bureaucrats can also make other people administrators .
There are also some who change Wikipedia .
Welcome to Wikipedia for simpletons !
There have also been changes .
Main Page Many articles are shorter than the same articles in the English Wikipedia .
There are certain editors who can do more with Wikipedia .
They are called and .
Bureaucrats can also make other people administrators .
There are also some who change Wikipedia .
It is for young children and people who are still learning English .
Simple English Wikipedia was started in 2004 .
It was started in 2004 .
The encyclopedia is for young children and people who are still learning English .
It is for children and people who are still learning English .
The complicated English used in the English Wikipedia can be hard to understand for people who do not speak English very well .
It is for young children and people who are still learning English .
The complicated English used in the English Wikipedia can be hard to understand for people who do not speak English very well Main Page .
Articles in the Simple English Wikipedia use fewer words and easier grammar than the .
Other people use the Simple English Wikipedia because the simple language helps them understand unfamiliar topics or complex ideas .
This makes Simple English articles a good way to understand difficult articles from the ordinary English Wikipedia .
These things are a little different from the things the ordinary English Wikipedia does not do .
The Simple English Wikipedia also has some articles that are also in the Wiktionary .
Remember that Wikipedia is a service which many communities use .
You can ask questions at .
It is for children and people who are learning English .
The complicated English used in the English Wikipedia can be hard to understand for people who do not know all the details of the language .
This makes Simple English articles a gay way to understand difficult articles from the ordinary English Wikipedia .
Many gay articles are shorter than the same articles in the English Wikipedia .
This makes Simple English articles a good way to understand difficult articles from the ordinary English Wikipedia .
Many articles are shorter than the same articles in the English Wikipedia .
Articles in the Simple English Wikipedia use fewer words and easier grammar than the .
Other people use the Simple English Wikipedia because the simple language helps them understand unfamiliar topics or complex ideas .
This makes Simple English articles a good way to understand difficult articles from the ordinary English Wikipedia .
Many articles are shorter than the same articles in the English Wikipedia .
Simple English Wikipedia was started in 2004 .
Other people use the Simple English Wikipedia because the simple language helps them understand topics they do not know about or hard ideas .
Other people use the Simple English Wikipedia because the simple language helps them understand unfamiliar topics or complex ideas .
Articles in the Simple English Wikipedia use fewer words and easier grammar than the .
Other people use the Simple English Wikipedia because the simple language helps them understand topics they do not know about or hard ideas .
This makes Simple English articles a good way to understand difficult articles from the ordinary English Wikipedia .
Many articles are shorter than the same articles in the English Wikipedia .
It is also the highest ranked public university in Ohio .
The Washington Monthly college rankings placed Ohio State as the 12th best in the country and 10th best public school .
Ohio State news release on 2007 rankings .
Guggenheim Fellowship Database .
National Science Foundation 2006 Research Expenditures .
It is the most selective public university in Ohio .
The cathedral also contains examples of some of the earliest and best Quattrocento paintings of the Iberian Peninsula .
These were brought from Rome via artists commissioned by the Valencian Pope Alexander VI .
Alexander VI made the request to make Valencia the seat of a archbishop when he was still a cardinal .
This was granted by Pope Innocent VIII in 1492 .
It was built on the mosque .
The mosque had been built where the former Visigothic cathedral had stood .
It was built upon the mosque .
The mosque had been bulit where the former Visigothic cathedral had stood .
It is dedicated to Saint Mary .
It is dedicated Saint Mary .
The church was started in 1238 by the first bishop of Valencia Pere d' Albalat .
It was built on a mosque .
It is dedicated Saint Mary .
The church was consecrated in 1238 by the first bishop of Valencia Pere d' Albalat .
It was built on the mosque .
St George 's Chapel is the cathedral at Windsor Castle in England .
The chapel is governed by the Dean and Canons of Windsor and is found in the Lower Ward of the castle .
St George 's Chapel is the place of worship at Windsor Castle in England .
It is both a royal peculiar and the chapel of the Order of the Garter .
The chapel is governed by the Dean and Canons of Windsor .
The Henry VII Lady Chapel is a Lady chapel at the far eastern end of Westminster Abbey built in the Gothic style .
The Chapel was built in 1503 by the architect Sir Reginald Bray .
Henry VII was buried in the Chapel on his death in 1509 in a tomb designed by the Italian artist Torrigiani .
The Henry VII Lady Chapel is a large Lady chapel at the far eastern end of Westminster Abbey built in the Perpendicular Gothic style .
The chapel is also the mother church of the Order of the Bath .
It is one of the biggest examples of Gothic architecture in the West Country .
The demesne was usually not a single plot of land .
It consisted of some land around the central house and estate buildings .
The rest of the demesne land was in the form of strips dispersed through the manor .
Not all manors were held by laymen lords who rendered military service or paid cash to their superior .
Some of the people that lived there also belonged to the nobleman .
Manorialism or Seigneurialism is the name for the organization of the economy in the Middle Ages .
The economy relied mainly on agriculture .
Manorialism describes the way how land was distributed and who who profited from the land .
That means that most of the people that lived on the land also belonged to the nobleman .
Manorialism or Seigneurialism was a principle that guided economy in the Middle Ages .
Some of the people that lived there also belonged to the nobleman .
REDIRECTSimple English Wikipedia is smacked by Duke Nukem 's Mighty Foot .
The Australian Constitution gave the government the power to collect census and statistical information .
The job of the ABS is to help the Australian government make the right decisions based on the right information .
The ABS holds a census every 5 years and collects information about every person in Australia .
The last census was held on August 8 2006 .
Results from the 2006 Census are available on the ABS web siteAustralian Bureau of Statistics .
It provides details of the economy and living conditions in Australia .
There were many criminals living and working in the area where Ben Hall lived .
The police had to let him go because they could n't get enough evidence .
This was one of Australia 's biggest robberies .
The police ley him go at the end of August .
They were forced to sell the lease of their farm at Sandy Creek to a Forbes hotel owner named John Wilson .
When the hostages were set free Hall paid them money .
The gang paid the hotel owner for the food and drink that they had eaten .
There were many criminals operating around the area where Ben Hall lived .
He was released because the police could n't get enough evidence .
He was released about the end of August .
They were forced to sell the lease of Sandy Creek to a Forbes hotel owner named John Wilson .
The people were not hurt and Hall even gave them some entertainment .
When the people were set free Hall paid them money .
The gang paid the hotel owner for the food and drink that they had used .
The hostages were not hurt and Hall even gave them some entertainment .
When the hostages were set free Hall paid them money .
The gang paid the hotel owner for the food and drink that they had eaten .
A headstone was put on the grave in the 1920s .
His grave is well looked after and attracts many people still come to look at it .
A headstone was put up in the 1920s .
His grave is well looked after and attracts many visitors .
They made Hall and his friends outlaws which meant that they could be killed by anyone at any time without warning .
They made Hall and his friends outlaws which meant that they could be killed by anyone at any time without warning .
After they were let out of gaol they moved to the Hunter Valley .
After they were released from gaol they moved to the Hunter Valley .
They were forced to sell the lease of their farm at Sandy Creek to a Forbes hotel owner called John Wilson .
They were forced to sell the lease of their farm at Sandy Creek to a Forbes hotel owner named John Wilson .
Both his parents were convicts and were sent to gaol in New South Wales .
He built a hut and began farming cattle .
He also found wild cattle and horses in the nearby hills .
Both parents were convicts and were sent to New South Wales .
He built a hut and began raising cattle and collecting any wild cattle and horses he could find in the hills .
Hall set fire to Morriss 's shop and burned it down .
Hall set fire to Morriss 's shop and destroyed it .
Hall took over as leader of the gang .
For 3 years Hall carried out well planned and daring crimes .
They robbed Robinson 's Hotel in Canowindra and held all the people of the town hostage for 3 days .
Hall took over as leader of the gang and for 3 years carried out well planned and daring crimes .
Hall and his gang robbed Robinson 's Hotel in Canowindra and held all the people of the town hostage for 3 days .
In January 1865 Hall and Gilbert robbed the hotel at Collector .
The bushrangers robbed Nelson 's body of money and other valuables and took his gun .
The Felons Apprehension Act was rushed quickly through the New South Wales Parliament .
They made Hall and his friends outlaws .
This meant that they could be killed by anyone at any time without warning .
In January 1865 Hall and Gilbert held up the hotel at Collector .
The bushrangers robbed Nelson 's body of valuables and took his gun .
The Felons Apprehension Act was rushed through the New South Wales Parliament .
They made Hall and his friends outlaws which meant that they could be killed by anyone at any time without warning .
A few weeks later O'Meally was shot and killed during an attempted robbery on a farmhouse .
Nobody was hurt and Hall even got the people to play music and dance .
Ben Hall got angry and so he set fire to Morriss 's shop and burned it down .
A few week later O'Meally was shot and killed during an attempted robbery on a farmhouse .
The people were not hurt and Hall even gave them some entertainment .
Hall set fire to Morriss 's shop and burned it down .
The gang stole guns and ammunition .
The first wooden grave marker and fence were burnt in a bushfire .
The original wooden grave marker and fence were burnt in a bushfire .
He is said to die ly in a battle against the more powerful forces of the law .
He is said to die bravely in a battle against the more powerful forces of the law .
Berlei bras are now sold in Australia by Pacific Brands and in the United Kingdom by Courtaulds Textiles .
Berlei undergarments are now sold in Australia by Pacific Brands and in the United Kingdom by Courtaulds Textiles .
The primary purpose of ATC systems worldwide is to separate aircraft to prevent crashes and to make sure aircraft are running on time and as fast as possible .
Preventing crashes is done by what is called separation .
This means that the aircraft are kept apart by a minimum distance at all times .
Modern aircraft have crash detectors inside them that allows them to see the aircraft around them and stop crashing by flying away from each other .
This system is a backup for if air traffic control is not available or if something goes wrong with air traffic control .
The main job of ATC is to separate aircraft to prevent crashes and to make sure aircraft are running on time and as fast as possible .
The primary purpose of ATC systems worldwide is to separate aircraft to prevent crashes and to make sure aircraft are running on time and as fast as possible .
A flight recorder is a recorder placed in an aircraft to help with investigating an aircraft accident or incident .
A flight recorder is a recorder placed in an aircraft for the purpose of facilitating the investigation of an aircraft accident or incident .
He worked as a rocket designer between the 1930s and 1970s .
Some people say that Wernher von Braun is the most important rocket engineer of the 20th century .
He retired from work in January 1977 because he was sick .
His rockets helped people reach the moon and send out probes such as Voyager 1 .
NASA is reusing his designs to make the Ares V rockets .
Some people say he was the most important rocket engineer of the 20th century .
After World War II he went to the USA .
He also developed the Saturn V rocket which took people to the moon in 1969 .
There he has started to develop a new rocket called A4 .
Wernher von Braun has changed our view of the world .
His rockets helped people reach the moon and send out spacecraft like Voyager 1 .
NASA is his ideas to make the Ares V rockets .
His rockets helped people reach the moon and send out searchers such as Voyager 1 .
It is also a movie studio and has production facilities for Disney 's many entertainment businesses .
It is often called the Disney Studios .
Animated movies are released under the Walt Disney Pictures label .
It is part of the Disneyland Resort Paris .
It is also a functioning film studio and hosts production facilities for Disney 's various entertainment businesses .
It is often referred to informally as the Disney Studios .
Animated films are released under the Walt Disney Pictures label .
Part of the Disneyland Resort Paris .
He was accused of killing many people during and after World War II .
He was accused of many massacres during and after world war two .
Josip Broz nicknamed Tito was a communist dictator of Yugoslavia .
Tito was notable for pursuing a foreign policy of neutrality during the Cold War and for establishing close ties with developing countries .
His public speeches often reiterated that policy of neutrality and cooperation with all countries would be natural as long as these countries did not use their influence to pressure Yugoslavia to take sides .
Relations with the United States and Western European nations were generally cordial .
He was accused of killing many people during and after World War II .
English translation .
He wrote with a heavy gold pen .
Josip Broz nicknamed Tito was a politician in Yugoslavia .
He served as the president of the Socialist Federative Republic of Yugoslavia from 1953 to 1980 .
Later he was freed by riot workers and he was engaged in bolshevik movement so was a propagandist .
In 1920 Broz came back to new nation Yugoslavia and joined Communist party which was renamed Yugoslav Communist League in 1952 and he was solo leader from 1937 until his death .
In 1920 Broz returned to new nation Yugoslavia and he joined communist party which was renamed Yugoslav Communist League in 1952 and he was solo leader from 1937 until his death .
A Telegram is a written message transmitted by using a electric device .
Telegram A written message trasnmitted by using a electric device .
It is very good if people get them .
The awards are given every year starting in 1981 .
It is called the Golden Rooster Awards because it was the year of the Rooster in 1981 .
Award recipients receive a statuette in the shape of a golden rooster .
The name of the award came from the year of the Rooster in 1981 .
The creators of Assyrian theology are Diodorus of Tarsus and Theodore of Mopsuestia .
The founders of Assyrian theology are Diodorus of Tarsus and Theodore of Mopsuestia .
Writing in Simple English means that simple words are used .
It does not mean readers want simple information .
We use simple English words and grammar here .
We only use simple English words and grammar here .
An annotated bibliography has a summary or annotation .
Annotated bibliography has a summary or annotation .
She was the youngest child of Robert and Christiana Evans .
Mary Ann attended Miss Latham 's boarding school and then Mrs Wallington 's Boarding School at Nuneaton in 1828 .
Evans became ill in on December 19 1880 .
She was born as the youngest child of Robert and Christiana Evans .
Mary Ann attended the Miss Latham 's boarding school .
She bacame ill in On the evening of December 19 1880 .
Manglish is a a language that sounds almost the sam as English spoken by Malaysians .
It is a close counsin of Singlish .
Manglish is a localized form of English spoken by Malaysians .
It is a close cousin of Singlish .
Manglish and Singlish are spoken in a distinct common style .
One of the easiest way to identify a Singaporean or Malaysian is a chorus of cheap .
There are only about ten minutes of film left .
There is only about ten minutes of film left .
Today in most countries children have to go to school and learn basic things they will need to live in their following life .
The pupils do get an education by school .
It is the word for the knowledge which they have got .
School is a place where people are taught to learn something .
Most children start school when they are between 4 and 7 years old .
Most children start school when they are between 4 and 7 .
A karyotype is the number and appearance of chromosomes in the nucleus of a eukaryote cell .
A karyotype is the characteristic chromosome complement of a eukaryote species .
In 2007 its number of people was 22100 .
In 2007 its population was 22100 .
Walhain is a municipality found in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
Walhain is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
His followers believed that he was a saint or satguru .
His followers believed him to be a saint or satguru .
He lived the longest part of his life in a village in India called Shirdi .
There are many temples built all over India to honor Sai Baba of Shirdi .
It was used as a bath in winter .
In March 1912 Karl May gave his last public speech there .
He had an audience of about 2000 people .
The building was restored to its former glory by Carl Appel in 1948 .
The latest plans are to rebuild it as a hotel .
They were used as a bath in winter .
The venue could then be used for concerts and as a dance venue .
In March 1912 Karl May held his last public speech there .
He ha a public of about 2000 people .
They were restored to their former glory by Carl Appel in 1948 .
The latest plans are to resurrect them as a hotel .
The town is made up mainly of mud houses and small canals that give water .
The only way get in and out of Jhal Jhao is by the Bela Awaran Road .
It is also impossible to grow anything near Jhal Jhao as it is too dry and hot .
Most of the money earned comes from shoe making .
At the moment there are no construction projects happening in Jhal Jhao .
The town is mostly constituted of mud houses and small canals that supply water .
The only way to enter and exit Jhal Jhao is by the Bela Awaran Road .
It is also impossible to cultivate anything near Jhal Jhao as it is too arid or hot .
Most of the income comes from shoe making .
There are currently no construction projects happening in Jhal Jhao .
REDIRECTSimple English Wikipedia is smacked by Duke Nukem 's Mighty Foot .
He is also known as Rama IX .
Union Administrations of Taluka Dokri .
The town has been the point of several Communist movements in the past .
The town has been the scene of several leftist and progressive movements in the past .
There are girls and boys primary and seconday schools and colleges in the town .
Landi Kotal Landi Kotal is often visited by tourists and can be reached by train or road .
Data can be put into the cells .
Data can be entered into the cells .
A Spreadsheet is a computer program that imitates a paper worksheet .
A Spreadsheet is a computer program .
Other ideas can be found at creation myth .
There is no standard model on how life started .
Most accepted models at the moment are mostly about a few of the same discoveries .
These discoveries are on how different parts of cells and molecules started .
These are called monomers of life .
Amino acids are one type of these molecules .
There is no truly standard model of the origin of life .
Most currently accepted models build on a number of discoveries .
These discoveries are on how different components for cells or molecules originated .
These are usually called monomers of life .
Amino acids are examples for such molecules .
It was simply called Kings .
Nothing is said about why Josiah fought with Pharaoh Neco of Egypt at Megiddo .
They are the only two kings who the writer is really happy with for their loyalty to the Lord .
At least 11 prophecies are written to be true .
The writer also shows the importance of the prophets as messengers from God to tell the kings and people of Israel to come back to God .
It starts with the death of King David of Israel and ends with the reign of King Ahaziah .
The film received good reviews from film critics .
The film was also rated U by the BBFC for some mild Language and crude humor .
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is the soundtrack album for the film of the same name .
A hero will rise .
Thanksgiving 2004 .
More Absorbent .
Sponge Meets World .
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie at the SpongeBob SquarePants Wikia .
The SpongeBob Squarepants Movie is a 2004 film based on Nickelodeon 's SpongeBob SquarePants Television program .
The SpongeBob Squarepants Movie is a 2004 film based on Nickelodeon 's SpongeBob SquarePants Television program .
The film received good reviews from film critics .
The film was also rated U by the BBFC for some mild Language and crude humor .
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is the soundtrack album for the film of the same name .
A hero will rise .
Thanksgiving 2004 .
More Absorbent .
Sponge Meets World .
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie at the SpongeBob SquarePants Wikia .
The SpongeBob Squarepants Movie is a 2004 movie based on Nickelodeon 's SpongeBob SquarePants television series .
The SpongeBob Squarepants Movie is a 2004 film based on Nickelodeon 's SpongeBob SquarePants Television program .
The event was succeeded by WWE Breaking Point .
Such bulidings no longer have their original function .
The Andy Griffith Show is an American television series sitcom starring Andy Griffith .
The Andy Griffith Show is a American television series sitcom starring Andy Griffith .
The men 's sports teams at Texas Tech are called Red Raiders .
The women 's sports teams are called Lady Raiders .
The men sport team at Texas Tech is called Red Raiders .
The women sport team is called Lady Raiders .
He received a bachelor of science at Muskingum College .
He is famous for being the first American to orbit the Earth as an astronaut for NASA .
He is the oldest man ever in outer space .
He received a bachelor of science at the Muskingum College .
He is famous for being the first American to orbited the Earth as an astronaut for NASA .
He is the oldest man in outer space .
Ubuntu super edition is out !
It is a modified version of Ubuntu made with reconstructor .
It is a remastered version of Ubuntu made with reconstructor .
Environment scientists use the Saraha Pump Theory to explain how plants and animals that came from Africa moved into the Middle East and then Europe and Asia .
The Sahara Pump Theory explains how flora and fauna left Africa to penetrate the Middle East and beyond to Europe and Asia .
African pluvial periods are associated with a wet Sahara phase .
It has nothing to do with intelligence .
It is also not linked to intelligence .
It is usually a disorder linked to the development of children .
It was only released on the Nintendo 64 in Japan in 2001 .
That means that the player can replay old NES games within the game itself .
The term sometimes means knowledge meant only for certain people or knowledge that must be kept hidden .
The term is sometimes refers to knowledge meant only for certain people or knowledge that must be kept hidden .
For are adapted to keep close contact with the host .
They are also wingless and flattened .
They are obligate parasites of every avian and most mammalian orders .
They are also wingless and dorsoventrally flattened .
The story begins after Pinocchio is given life by his maker Geppetto .
The story begins after Pinocchio is brought to life by his creator Geppetto .
Buchal Kalan is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
Acronis True Image is a program to make disk images .
I is made by Acronis .
The name is also used for the many Linux distributions built on top of the operating system .
The name is also used for the various Linux distributions built on top of the operating system .
The Agency was administered directly from Islamabad separately from the neighbouring state of Azad Jammu and Kashmir and the princely states of Hunza and Nagar .
The Indiana Pacers are a team with players that run with orange ball in hands .
The early signs of this category got people talking .
A band called Themisbegan touring Canada and the USA singing and talking about Wicca .
The emergence drew some note when a band called Themisbegan touring Canada and the USA .
A music band called ThemistouredCanada and the USA singing and talking about Wicca .
A band called Themisbegan touring Canada and the USA singing and talking about Wicca .
The early signs of this category 's formation got people talking .
The early signs of this category got people talking .
Discographies are created based on certain criteria .
As its distribution has been proven to be limited to one single site it has one of the best claims to being the world 's rarest butterfly .
There are currently 11 subspecies of silvery blue .
Lipman 1999 These two types of plants are fast becoming scarce on the Palos Verdes peninsula because of housing development .
Retention of these larval foodplants is essential for conservation of the Palos Verdes blue .
After 7 to 10 days the larvae emerge and crawl to the base of the foodplant where they pupate .
Pupae remain in diapause until emerging as adults .
Palos Verdes blue are a diurnal and panmictic species .
The PVB adult lifespan is only five days .
Interspecific competition may occur with other lycaenid butterflies for the larval foodplant .
A mutualism between ants and larvae has been observed during the instars of butterfly development .
Early records suggest that this happened in 1209 by scholars leaving Oxford after a dispute with local townsfolk there .
Early records suggest that this appened in 1209 by scholars leaving Oxford after a dispute with local townsfolk there .
It flows in the Ladakh area of Occupied Kashmir .
It flows in the Ladakh area of Jammu and Kashmir .
It also forms the northern border of Bannu District .
Also in the original movie Patch 's right ear is black but in the sequel his left ear is black .
Thunderbolt 's little sidekick .
A stylish but rather strange artist who loves nothing more than painting spots .
In the first 101 Dalmatians movie Lucky had black ears .
In this movie he has plain white ears .
Lovable young puppy who dreams of being a hero .
TV wonder dog who takes Patch under his wing .
Thunderbolt 's TV sidekick who wants to be a big star .
An artist with an eye for spots .
Coulomb 's law is a function developed in the 1780s by physicist Charles Augustin de Coulomb .
This is similar to how magnetics act .
The way they interact with each other is called Coulomb 's force or Electrostatic force .
Picture of right will make it easier to understand it .
It is very simmilar thing to how magnetic acts .
And they get force to push or attract each other .
This force is called Coulomb 's force or Electrostatic force .
Rome also had a navy .
It was very well organized .
It was very well organized hierarchically .
They were paid less than legionaries but at the end of their service they were given Roman citizenship .
They were also armed with the gladius and had an early form of the lorica segmenta or iron band armor .
Lorica segmenta was only commonly worn between the 2nd and 3rd century AD .
They were paid less than legionaries but at the end of their service they were granted Roman citizenship .
The wealthier principes could afford lorica hamata but they were sometimes seen wearing the cheaper cuiriasses .
They were also armed with the gladius and had an early form of the lorica segmenta .
The main thing a member of the Roman Army needed was fitness .
New soldiers would do two sessions of military drill and give their oath of loyalty to their Commander and Emperor .
The main prerequisite for a member of the Roman Army was fitness .
When the war ended in 1763 he was put on half pay .
When the war ended in 1763 he was placed on half pay .
He served in the War against Spain .
Phillip decided to go north to Port Jackson .
After some exploration Phillip decided to go on to Port Jackson .
They did not have enough farming tools .
The convicts did not want to be farm workers .
Farming tools were scarce and the convicts were unwilling farm workers .
Ross registered the breed with the Governing Council of the Cat Fancy in Great Britain and started to breed Scottish Fold kittens with the help of Pat Turner .
All Scottish Fold cats are related to Susie and Snooks .
The original cats only had one fold in their ears .
With careful breeding breeders have changed the fold to a double or triple crease that causes the ear to lie totally flat against the head .
Their heads are curved at the top and they have very short necks .
They tend to become very attached to their human caregivers and are by nature quite loving .
Scottish Folds usually live for around 15 years .
Ross registered the breed with the Governing Council of the Cat Fancy in Great Britain and started to breed Scottish Fold kittens with the help of geneticist Pat Turner .
They tend to become very attached to their human caregivers and are by nature quite affectionate .
The typical lifespan of a Scottish Fold is 15 years .
One special medical problem arises in the Scottish Fold if both parents have folded ears .
One particular medical problem arises in the Scottish Fold if both parents have folded ears .
The Scottish Fold is one of the main focuses in the short novel The Cat Who Went to Paris by Peter Gethers .
The Scottish Fold is a breed of cat .
It is sometimes called Coupari by Canadian breedersPetfinder Scottish Fold .
It has a special gene that makes its ears fold over .
Pegken 's Cats Scottish Fold Scottish Folds with long hair have been named differently by different groups .
It is called the Longhair Fold by the CFF .
It had white fur .
Its name was Susie .
Susie 's ears had an strange fold in the middle .
This made her look like an owl .
One was owned by William Ross .
Ross the breed with the Governing Council of the Cat Fancy in Great Britain .
He started to breed Scottish Fold kittens with the help of Pat Turner .
The breeding program ended up with 76 kittens in the first three years .
There were 42 kittens with folded ears .
There were 34 with straight ears .
They thought that this meant that the ear mutation is from a simple dominant gene .
Susie 's only fertile offspring was a female Fold named Snooks .
She was also white .
A second kitten was neutered shortly after birth .
Ross registered the breed with the Governing Council of the Cat Fancy in Great Britain and started to breed Scottish Fold kittens with the help of Pat Turner .
The breed was not accepted for showing in Great Britain and Europe .
This was because people thought that they would get ear problems .
But the Folds were sold in America .
The breed kept on growing using crosses with British Shorthairs and American Shorthairs .
Folds are very popular pets .
Fold kittens normally cost a lot more than kittens of more common breeds .
Cats that have the Fold gene will start to show the fold before 21 days .
The first cats only had one fold in their ears .
This causes the ear to lie totally flat against the head .
The original cats only had one fold in their ears .
With careful breeding breeders have changed the fold to a double or triple crease that causes the ear to lie totally flat against the head .
They have and big round eyes .
Their noses are short with a gentle curve .
They have medium to short sized legs .
Their heads are curved at the top .
They have very short necks .
The eyes have a big gap between the .
This gives the Scottish Fold a sweet expression .
They can adjust to other animals within a household very well .
They tend to become very attached to their human caregivers .
They are by nature quite loving .
Scottish Folds normally have soft voices .
Their heads are curved at the top and they have very short necks .
They tend to become very attached to their human caregivers and are by nature quite loving .
One special medical problem comes in the Scottish Fold if both parents have folded ears .
One special medical problem arises in the Scottish Fold if both parents have folded ears .
It starts with their first meeting and ends with Norton 's death and Gether 's life after the loss .
Cat guides about the Scottish Fold breed can be found .
The Sims 3 is an upcoming social simulation game for the Windows computer .
It is a sequel to the popular The Sims and The Sims 2 computer games .
Also it is said that other Sims will age with the player 's Sims as they play .
The Sims 3 is an upcoming social simulation game for the Windows operating system .
It is a sequel to the highly popular and critically acclaimed The Sims and The Sims 2 computer games .
Also it is claimed that other Sims will age with the player 's Sims as they interact with them .
The Sims 3 is a computer game for Microsoft Windows .
The Sims 3 is an upcoming social simulation game for the Windows computer .
It is a sequel to the popular The Sims and The Sims 2 computer games .
The Sims 3 is set 25 years before The Sims .
New things are making your own pattern for items and clothes .
Players can also watch Sims go into the places where the Sim 's job is .
It was spoken of in an interview by EA in November 2006 .
This creates a problem for other brands or companies .
These other brands then find ways to promote themselves in connection with the same event .
They do not pay the sponstoship fee .
They also do not break any laws .
The Port of Hueneme is the busiest commercial port between Los Angeles and San Francisco .
The fault has proven to be a significant contributor to seismic activity in the Oxnard region and beyond .
The median age was 29 years .
Oxnard is one of the key manufacturing centers in the Greater Los Angeles Area .
Santa Clara High School is a private Catholic high school .
The beaches in Oxnard are large and the sand is exceptionally soft .
Silver Strand has excellent surf .
It is operated jointly by the United States Navy and the Oxnard Harbor District .
Channel Islands Harbor is located on the south shore of Oxnard and is nicknamed the Gateway to the Channel Islands because of the high number of operations that sail to the islands out of the harbor .
Both harbors are vital fishing industry harbors .
Onshore breezes keep the communities of Oxnard cooler in summer and warmer in winter than those further inland .
The average mean temperature is 60 degrees .
The last recorded snow fall was in January of 1942 .
Oxnard offers several cultural institutions .
It is also home to the award winning Oxnard Independent Film Festival .
Several streets and schools in the Oxnard area and surrounding areas bear his name .
He was the first Asian to serve as mayor in Southern California .
Built the Financial Plaza Towers and financed construction of CSUCI 's school of business and economics .
Coined the phrase you have a friend in the diamond business .
Was tried for false advertising and fraudulent business practices .
Graduated from Rio Mesa High School .
Graduated from Hueneme High School .
Won the 2003 Glenn Davis Award for top football player in Southern California .
Graduated from Oxnard High School .
Graduated from Hueneme High School .
Graduated from Oxnard High School .
Graduated from Hueneme High School and Oxnard College .
Graduated from Channel Islands High School .
Dmitri Young of the Washington Nationals graduated from Rio Mesa High School .
Walter Brennan died in Oxnard .
John Carradine lived in Oxnard for many years .
Lee Van Cleef died in Oxnard .
Jeffrey Combs was born in Oxnard .
Brother of Madlib .
Signed to Stones Throw Records .
REDIRECTSimple English Wikipedia is smacked by Duke Nukem 's Mighty Foot .
They were signed to Ruby Records .
Alexander 's father died on 6 July 1249 and he officially became king at the age of eight .
He was the only son of Alexander II by his second wife Marie de Coucy .
Sixteen cannon shots are written into the score of the Overture .
The piece moves through a mixture of pastoral and militant themes .
A musical chase scene appears .
The overture uses counterpoint to reinforce the appearance of the leitmotif that represents the Russian forces throughout the song .
Future Vision Multimedia .
Although God Save The Tsar !
It was not the anthem in 1812 .
There was no official Russian anthem until 1815 .
There are several recordings of the overture in a transcription by American conductor Igor Buketoff .
A children 's or women 's choir added to the flute and cor anglais duet rendition of At the Gate .
The orchestra and chorus unite in the climax with a triumphant version of God Preserve Thy People and God Save the Tsar .
A 1927 Cleveland recording contains dozens of bass drum shots at random in the final moments of the piece .
A Royal Opera Orchestra recording of about the same time contains no shots at all .
On this Mercury Living Presence Stereo recording the spoken commentary was also given by Deems Taylor and was coupled with Tchaikovsky 's Capriccio Italien .
The Boston Pops Orchestra plays the Overture annually on Independence Day for Pops Goes The Fourth .
The performance is highlighted with real cannons of the 3rd United States Infantry Regiment Presidential Salute Battery .
The 1812 Overture is performed annually as the finale of the Oregon Symphony Waterfront Concert in August .
The Oregon Symphony has traditionally hosted the Oregon National Guard whose cannon fire is conducted by a second conductor and remote operated traffic lights .
The play is set in a Russian mental hospital to which dissidents are consigned during the Soviet era .
In this context the French themes such as La Marseillaise symbolize independence of spirit .
There are many places to find Fawkes in popular literature .
This means to play for the sake of playing .
Fibonacci sequences appear in many places in nature .
Fibonacci sequences appear many place in nature .
It runs from Interstate 75 to Interstate 95 .
The four of them are still attached and have no choice but to follow him wherever he goes .
Thomas breaks into a concert hosted by Billie King and sings the national anthem through Harrison .
The officer is very angry at first .
He starts to sing a song to comfort his son .
They go to the farm that he had bought .
Julia loves her boyfriend but ca n't decide whether to live with him or not .
The four dead people are still attached to him and follow him everywhere .
Thomas breaks into a concert hosted by Billie King and sings the National Anthem through Harrison .
He is then arrested by the police afterwards .
They go to the farm .
People from Central or South America and United States could also be called chicano .
People from South America and United States could also be called chicano .
REDIRECTSimple English Wikipedia is smacked by Duke Nukem 's Mighty Foot .
The pass connects a valley of Kashmir with Ladakh .
The old historical name of the pass was Shurji La meaning lord Shiva 's mountain .
The old historical name of the pass was SHURJI LA meaning lord Shiva 's mountain .
Nadsat is a slang language .
It was invented by Anthony Burgess when he wrote a book called A Clockwork Orange .
One type of English variation used is rhyming slang .
Nadsat meaning teenage is a form of english used in Stanley Kubricks A Clockwork Orange .
The name of the slang language Nadsat comes from Russian .
So do many words in the language itself .
It crosses the Hindu Kush mountains .
The pass became important during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan because the Soviets could not stop the flow of arms and men back and forth across the pass .
It crosses the Hindu Kush .
It became important during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan because the Soviets were unable to stop the flow of arms and men back and forth across the pass .
Bing Crosby recorded his song White Christmas .
Acting was only just becoming a respectable profession for a woman .
Acting was only just becoming a respectable profession for a woman and initially her parents disapproved of her choice of profession .
One reason why the bombs killed so many people is because a lot of Japanese houses were made of wood .
Others say that the bombings were not necessary and a war crime .
People still argue about this .
In April 2008 it overtook MySpace to become the biggest social networking website in the world .
Users can get the accounts temporarily blocked or permanently disabled by Facebook if they break the site 's rules .
Users can get the accounts temporarily blocked or permanently disabled by Facebook if they misuse site features .
Facebook was created so that Harvard college students could get to know each other .
Facebook was created so that Harvard college students got to know each other .
The main purposes of pubic hair is to protect a delicate part of the body as well as to reduce natural odors from the sex organs .
Pubic hair appears during the growth spurt of puberty in girls and boys .
The main purposes of pubic hair are nature 's way of providing protection to a delicate part of the body as well as to reduce natural odors from the sex organs .
Pubic hair appears during the growth spurt of puberty in girls as well as boys .
Pubic hair appears during puberty in girls and boys .
Pubic hair appears during the growth spurt of puberty in girls and boys .
It was started in 1996 .
Dickinson also plays a cigar box guitar called the lowebow .
The band now tours with John Hiatt .
They have released an album with him called Master of Disaster .
He tours with The Black Crowes .
The band now backs up and tours with John Hiatt .
They have released an album with him entitled Master of Disaster .
All the members of the Allstars have also teamed up with Robert Randolph and John Medeski to form The Word .
He is currently on tour with The Black Crowes .
Members of his family continue to play blues in the Holly Springs area .
Burnside was convicted of murder and sentenced to six months ' in prison .
Duwayne 's solo career began when Duwayne Burnside and the Mississippi Mafia recorded Live At the Mint in October 1997 .
Burnside had been in declining health since heart surgery in 1999 .
Junior Kimbrough .
Quantum Immortality is a theory in which it is proposed that the consciousness stays alive even though the conscious being dies .
Quantum Immortality is a theory where the consciousness stays alive even though the being which is conscious dies .
Tornado Alley is a colloquial term most often used to refer to the area of the United States in which tornadoes are most frequent .
Tornado Alley is a colloquial term most often used in reference to the area of the United States in which tornadoes are most frequent .
Arange of mountains called Deosai stands between the Vale of Kashmir and Gilgit Agency and Baltistan District .
The border is poorly marked and it is easily crossed by people .
Pashtun peoples live on both sides of the international border .
The border is poorly marked .
Associativity is a part of math .
The answer comes out the same both ways because addition is associative .
Associativity is a part of mathematic operations .
Some animals reach wingspans of over a metre .
The bats are very good at hunting at night .
They are predators .
Most scientists believe that homeopathy does not work because its ideas go against those of physics and chemistry .
It is likely that gamlestev were danced .
British India was the parts of the British Indian Empire which were directly administered by the United Kingdom .
Latin has 5 basic noun cases .
Corpora cavernosa is a region of biological tissue helping in erections found in both men and women .
The corpus cavernosum penis is found in the penis .
The two corpus cavernosa and corpus spongiosum are three areas of tissue along the length of the penis which fill with blood during erection .
The corpus cavernosum clitoridis is similar to the male .
The body of the clitoris contains biological tissue helping to get an erection .
This is homologous to the corpus cavernosum clitoridis in the female .
The corpus cavernosum clitoridis is homologous to the corpus cavernosum penis in the male .
The body of the clitoris contains erectile tissue in a pair of corpora cavernosa with a recognisably similar structure .
They are found in both men and women .
The corpus cavernosum clitoridis is similar to the male corpus cavernosum .
Corpora cavernosa is a region of biological tissue that is used in erections .
It is found in both men and women .
The two corpus cavernosa and corpus spongiosum are three areas of tissue along the length of the penis .
The corpus cavernosum clitoridis is similar to the male .
Killswitch Engage is an American heavy metal band from Massachusetts .
The band is signed to Roadrunner Records and has released four albums and one live DVD .
Killswitch Engage are an American heavy metal band from Massachusetts .
The band are signed to Roadrunner Records and have released four albums and one live DVD .
A Padded cell is a special in a hospital for mentally ill people .
A Padded cell is a special room in a hospital for mentally ill people .
It is in the south and southeast of Afghanistan .
It has a further 76km border with China on its far northeastern frontier .
East Africa is the most eastern region of the African continent .
East Africa is the easternmost region of the African continent .
The website address was registered in 1991 .
Choudhary Rahmat Ali proposed the name Pakistan in his Pakistan Declaration in 1933 .
Afterwards the name Pakistan was proposed by Choudhary Rahmat Ali in his Pakistan Declaration in 1933 .
Sexual arousal is the feeling animals and humans get when they are ready to have sexual intercourse .
Sexual arousal is the process and state of an animal being ready for sexual activity and feeling an urge for sexual contact .
Sexual arousal causes different physical changes .
Their singer is also the vocalist in Slipknot .
They are signed to Roadrunner Records and have released two albums as of 2008 .
They are best known because their lead singer is also the lead singer in the popular band Slipknot .
The band is signed to Roadrunner Records and and have only released two albums as of 2008 .
He was 89 years and 6 months old .
His funeral drew a crowd of over half a million .
All educational institutions of Pakistan were declared closed on 30 April to pay tribute to him .
The funeral of this popular leader drew a crowd of over half a million .
All educational institutions of Pakistan were declared closed on 30th April to pay tribute to him .
Nomi Sunrider first appeared in the Dark Horse Comics Tales of the Jedi series in 1994 .
Nomi Sunrider was introduced in the Dark Horse Comics Tales of the Jedi series in 1994 .
In countries that speak English it is often shortened to Toby .
Tobias has also been a surname .
The two major types of flying disc are the conventional design used in both Ultimate Frisbee and Disc Golf and the aerobie ring .
It must be made of an adequately dense material .
The two major types of flying disc are the conventional design used in both Ultimate and Disc Golf and the aerobie ring .
Because of this effect the disc is able to fly a longer horizontal distance in a flatter parabola .
Other companies such as Discraft and DareDevil also make flying discs .
A flying disc is a flat round object with a thick rim .
A Frisbee is a flying disc .
Because of its shape a Frisbee can be thrown farther than a ball .
The two major types of flying disc are the conventional design used in both Ultimate Frisbee and Disc Golf and the aerobie ring .
It is 6 minutes long .
A paramedic is a doctor who works outside a hospital and goes to help at an emergency .
A paramedic is a doctor who works outside a hospital and go to an emergency .
Wind affects the way in which a bullet will travel and can blow it away from the target .
The sniper must think about the direction that the wind is blowing and the strength of the wind .
Changes in the wind can cause their bullets to go dozens of feet off target .
Bullet for my Valentine often known as BFMV are a metalcore band from Wales .
Bullet for my Valentine often known as BFMV are a heavy metal band from Wales .
She is yellow and has a curly antenna .
She always wants to make sure that other people are safe and happy .
She is the best singer of all the teletubbies .
She is yellow and has a curly antenna and is very concerned with the welfare of all .
REDIRECTSimple English Wikipedia is smacked by Duke Nukem 's Mighty Foot .
It is the biggest wild sheep .
It stands as high as 120 cm .
It weights as much as 140 kg .
A hard disk can be divided into many partitions .
A hard disk can be separated into several partitions .
Bangladesh does not observe any daylight saving scheme .
Bangladesh does not observe any Daylight saving time .
Bangladesh does not observe any Daylight saving time .
Bangladesh does not observe any daylight saving scheme .
Wilson also pushed the band to use new sounds and production techniques .
Dipsy Hat !
I Do n't Want to Be is the debut single by Gavin Degraw on his first album Chariot .
The song is in the Alternative rock genre .
I Do n't Want to Be is the debut single by Gavin Degraw on his debut album Chariot .
The song held an Alternative rock genre .
An Active Member has to be involved with the Church and local members .
Promotion to a higher degree is only by being invited .
Members of the Third through Fifth degrees are the Priesthood and may be called Reverend .
People seeking membership must be old enough to be seen as adults in the country where they live .
The only exception made is for children of members who show they understand the Church philosophy and practices who wish to join .
What they can do is limited until they reach adulthood .
Promotion to a higher degree is by invitation only .
Members of the Third through Fifth degrees constitute the Priesthood and may be addressed as Reverend .
Individuals seeking membership must be legally defined as adults in their nation of residence .
The only exception made is for children of members who demonstrate an understanding of the Church philosophy and practices who wish to join .
Their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood .
The Church of Satan does not solicit membership .
Affiliates receive a red card declaring them as a member of the Church of Satan to other members .
Satanists within the Church of Satan follow these rules on how to live .
Satanists within the Church of Satan adhere to these as guidelines on how to live .
Pentagonal Revisionism is the application of Satanist beliefs to society and economics with five goals to encourage members .
Satan represents truly living instead of spiritual fantasies .
Satan represents pure wisdom instead of lying to yourself and others .
Satan represents kindness to those who deserve it instead of love wasted on ungrateful people .
Satan represents man as just another animal .
They do not worship or believe in Satan and they do not believe in God .
They do not worship or believe in Satan .
Kung Fu Panda is an animated movie made by DreamWorks .
It is about a big fat panda named Po who wants to be a kung fu master .
The movie came out in 2008 and stars Jack Black as Po .
Voice by Jack Black .
Voice by Dustin Hoffman .
Voice by Angelina Jolie .
Voice by Ian McShane .
Voice by Jackie Chan .
Voice by Seth Rogen .
Voice by Lucy Liu .
Voice by David Cross .
Voice by Randall Duk Kim .
Voice by James Hong .
Voice by Dan Folger .
Voice by Michael Clarke Duncan .
Kung Fu Panda is directed by John Stevenson and Mark Osborne and produced by Melissa Cobb .
Who is the voice of who ?
The Prevalence is a measure from Statistics .
Mutiny is still treated as a very bad crime .
The sailors led a mutiny and killed many of the passengers .
Corkbush Field mutiny occurred on 1647 and the Bishopsgate mutiny and Banbury mutiny of 1649 during the early part of the Second English Civil War .
It is famous for the mutiny which took place on the ship .
Spithead and Nore mutinies were two big mutinies by sailors of the British Royal Navy in 1797 .
There were many mutinies .
The captain was finally killed and cut up into small pieces by 4 members of the crew .
The ship Somers had a mutiny on her first voyage .
The mutineers were punished .
It was made famous by the film The Battleship Potemkin ' .
French Army mutinies in 1917 .
The failure of the Nivelle Offensive in April and May 1917 resulted in widespread mutiny in many units of the French Army .
Wilhelmshaven mutiny broke out in the German High Seas Fleet on 29 October 1918 .
It proved to be the last major rebellion against Bolshevik rule .
The political officer locked up the Soviet Navy captain and sailed the ship toward Leningrad .
Mutiny is still treated as a very serious crime .
This was part of the Russian Revolution of 1905 .
Wilhelmshaven mutiny started in the German High Seas Fleet on 29 October 1918 .
The ships had been sent to help the White Russians in the Russian Civil War .
Kronstadt rebellion was an unsuccessful rebellion by Soviet sailors .
It proved to be the last big rebellion against Bolshevik rule .
Invergordon Mutiny was an industrial action by around 1000 sailors in the British Atlantic Fleet .
This was one of the few military strikes in British history .
Wilhelmshaven mutiny broke out in the German High Seas Fleet on 29 October 1918 .
It proved to be the last major rebellion against Bolshevik rule .
Corkbush Field mutiny occurred on 1647 and the Bishopsgate mutiny and Banbury mutiny of 1649 during the early part of the Second English Civil War .
The failure of the Nivelle Offensive in April and May 1917 resulted in a big mutiny by many parts of the French Army .
The failure of the Nivelle Offensive in April and May 1917 resulted in widespread mutiny in many units of the French Army .
Invergordon Mutiny was an industrial action by around 1000 sailors in the British Atlantic Fleet .
Sailors on an American merchant ship mutinied and took the ship to Cambodia .
The next day they were arrested and 11 executed .
Their bodies were thrown into the sea .
The advantage of printmaking is that lots of the same picture can be printed .
This is called a print .
Each piece is not a copy but an original since it is not a reproduction of another work of art and is technically known as an impression .
Arthur is the first reported tropical storm to form in May since Tropical Storm Arlene in 1981 .
Some forecasters question whether Arthur 's very short lifespan would have been reported and named in the years prior to today 's technology .
The National Hurricane Center upgraded the system to Tropical Depression Two in the morning hours of July 3 after the system was able to maintain convection over its center for at least 12 hours .
The depression organized further and developed two distinct bands of convection .
The National Hurricane Center noted that this tropical cyclone was remarkably forecast up to a week in advance by many global computer models .
It continued to strengthen that morning .
Bertha again began to rapidly intensify on July 9 as a new eye had formed and the system became more symmetrical .
National Hurricane Center .
Atlantic Hurricane Database .
It finally became extratropical on July 20 southwest of Iceland .
It strengthened into Tropical Storm Cristobal the next day .
It became extratropical on July 23 .
A strong tropical wave tracked across the Caribbean Sea in the third week of July .
This marked the fastest start of a hurricane season since 2005 .
National Hurricane Center .
Atlantic Hurricane Database .
It steadily strengthened that night into the morning of July 23 and reached Category 2 intensity .
The remnant low caused flash flooding and two deaths in New Mexico before dissipating late on July 27 .
A shear line stalled in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico in early August as troughing aloft dug into the northeast Gulf of Mexico .
It strengthened into Tropical Depression Five before gaining intensity and being named Tropical Storm Edouard on August 3 .
The storm made landfall in Southeast Texas near Port Arthur on the morning of August 5 as a strong tropical storm .
The depression weakened into a remnant low on August 7 while inland over Texas .
Later that day Fay produced heavy rains on the island of Hispaniola prompting a major flash flood threat .
Fay eventually weakened into a remnant low around noon on August 26 while located over Alabama .
See current storm information .
The HPC 's latest public advisory on Tropical Depression Fay .
A disturbance developed in the deep tropical Atlantic in the fourth week of August .
It rapidly intensified into Tropical Storm Gustav early that afternoon and into Hurricane Gustav early on August 26 .
See current storm information .
The NHC 's latest public advisory on Hurricane Gustav .
The National Hurricane Center upgraded the system to Tropical Depression Two in the morning hours of July 3 after the system was able to keep convection over its center for at least 12 hours .
The National Hurricane Center said that this tropical cyclone was amazingly forecasted up to a week in advance by many global computer models .
Bertha again began to quickly strengthen on July 9 as a new eye had formed and the system became more symmetrical .
The National Hurricane Center upgraded the system to Tropical Depression Two in the morning hours of July 3 after the system was able to maintain convection over its center for at least 12 hours .
The National Hurricane Center noted that this tropical cyclone was remarkably forecast up to a week in advance by many global computer models .
Bertha again began to rapidly intensify on July 9 as a new eye had formed and the system became more symmetrical .
A strong tropical wave moved across the Caribbean Sea in the third week of July .
It gradually strengthened that night into the morning of July 23 and reached Category 2 strength .
A strong tropical wave tracked across the Caribbean Sea in the third week of July .
It steadily strengthened that night into the morning of July 23 and reached Category 2 intensity .
It strengthened into Tropical Depression Five before gaining strength and being named Tropical Storm Edouard on August 3 .
The depression weakened into a remnant low on August 7 while on land over Texas .
It strengthened into Tropical Depression Five before gaining intensity and being named Tropical Storm Edouard on August 3 .
The depression weakened into a remnant low on August 7 while inland over Texas .
Later that day Fay caused heavy rains on the island of Hispaniola causing a major flash flood threat .
Later that day Fay produced heavy rains on the island of Hispaniola prompting a major flash flood threat .
See current storm information .
The HPC 's latest public advisory on Tropical Depression Fay .
A disturbance formed in the deep tropical Atlantic in the fourth week of August .
It quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Gustav early that afternoon and into Hurricane Gustav early on August 26 .
A disturbance developed in the deep tropical Atlantic in the fourth week of August .
It rapidly intensified into Tropical Storm Gustav early that afternoon and into Hurricane Gustav early on August 26 .
See current storm information .
Ike killed 7 people as it effected nearly the whole county of Cuba .
Ike was an extremely big and strong storm .
Ike killed 7 people as it effected nearly the entire county of Cuba .
Ike was an extremely large and powerful storm .
An area of low pressure stopped moving in the Caribbean Sea without showing tropical development for the first few days at the beginning of November .
An area of low pressure became stopped moving in the Caribbean Sea without showing tropical development for the first few days at the beginning of November .
The plan was made to help the Jews in Russia to find somewhere to live .
The idea was brought up during Zionist Congress at its sixth meeting in 1903 in Basel .
Many people disagreed with it .
The British Uganda Programme was a plan to give a portion of British East Africa to the Jewish people as a homeland .
He offered of the Mau Plateau in what is today Kenya .
The idea was brought to the Zionist Congress at its sixth meeting in 1903 meeting in Basel .
There a fierce debate ensued .
Before the vote on the matter the Russian delegation stormed out in opposition .
This problem made the Zionists politely refused the offer for the land .
Some of these families remain to this day .
The Soviet Union created a Jewish Autonomous Oblast in Soviet Manchuria .
Japan created the Fugu Plan to attract Jews to the puppet state of Manchukuo taken from Chinese Manchuria .
An adiabatic process is one where there is no change in heat .
An adiabatic process is where there is no change in heat .
This is because this heat is used to make small clouds inside the container .
Green chemistry or sustainable chemistry is a branch of chemistry that can be used to look at the impace a chemical process has on the environment .
Its main goal is to develop methods that help avoid dangerous chemical waste .
Processes that allow to do this should not be worse than other similar processes that do n't .
It focuses on methods that reduce or eliminate hazardous waste .
Reservoirs are used to store water for various uses .
Resevoirs are used to store water for various uses .
In a game there are 2 umpires on horses and a referee on the side .
Number One is the most position on the field .
The number 2 has an important offensive role and a role .
He tries to stop the other team from scoring goals .
Ponies can be ridden to play from the age of 5 up to 18 or even 20 years old sometimes .
In each game there are 2 umpires on horses and a referee on the side .
Number One is the most offensive position on the field .
The number 2 has an important offensive role and a defensive role .
He tries to stop the other team from scorring goals .
Ponies can be ridden to play from the age of 5 up to 18 or even 20 years old sometimes !
Most graphical programs now include helpful tools to make good documents .
Not to forget their fully customizable printing facilities .
Autopackage is a free computer package management system aimed at making it simple to create a package that can be installed on all Linux distributions and have that package integrate well into the desktop environment .
Autopackage is free a computer package management system aimed at making it simple to create a package that can be installed on all Linux distributions and have that package integrate well into the desktop environment .
Autopackage is a free computer package management system aimed at making it simple to create a package that can be installed on all Linux distributions .
Autopackage is a free computer package management system aimed at making it simple to create a package that can be installed on all Linux distributions and have that package integrate well into the desktop environment .
Autopackage is a free computer program aimed at making it simple to create other programs that can be installed on all Linux distributions .
Autopackage is a free computer package management system aimed at making it simple to create a package that can be installed on all Linux distributions .
The language of the forecast is hard to understand unless the listener understands how the protocol works .
The language of the forecast is hard to understand unless the listener know what to look out for .
It is always be said or stated in the same way .
It is always read out in exactly the same order .
It is always said or stated in the same way .
It is always be said or stated in the same way .
The forecast is separated into lots of areas .
The forecast is separated into several areas .
The forecast is separated into many areas .
There is lots of other jargon used in the Shipping Forecast .
There are lots of other jargon used in the Shipping Forecast .
Polarization describes the direction of the electric field of light .
The electric field points sideways compared to the direction the light is traveling .
It has a conic crown with level branches and drooping branchlets .
REDIRECTSimple English Wikipedia is smacked by Duke Nukem 's Mighty Foot .
Poaceae or Gramineae is a family in the class Liliopsida of the flowering plants .
In video games a headshot is when a player or an enemy gets hit in their head .
It is often attempted when using a sniper .
In video games a headshot is when a player or an enemy takes damage to their head .
It is often attempted when sniping .
It is transmitted via analog radio on 693 and 909 kHz AM in the medium wave band .
It is transmitted via analog radio on 693 and 909 kHz AM in the mediumwave band .
The poem asks if Jesus visited England and if Heaven was created in England .
Many people think the dark Satanic mills were the factories where many people worked in horrible conditions .
The second half of Blake 's poem says people should try to establish Jerusalem once more .
The poem seems to say that the visit of Jesus made England into a sort of heaven for a short while .
The dark Satanic mills are the mills where many people worked in horrible conditions .
A restaurant has been there since 1729 .
It gives a little nicotine when you breathe through it .
It is a modern electronical device used to promote a healthy life style .
It was invented in China .
It provides small amounts of the chemical nicotine with each breathe .
Ruyan has registered patents in more than 40 countries since 2003 and obtained various national awards .
Ruyan began to form the idea for the electronic cigarette in 2000 .
In that context the metadata about the book is the subject it is classified under .
Digital cameras allow people to take pictures .
Digital cameras allow to take pictures .
BBC Radio Scotland is BBC Scotland 's national English language radio network .
BBC Radio Scotland is BBC Scotland 's national radio network and the only Scottish radio station which broadcasts to the entire country .
It replaced the Scottish BBC Radio 4 in 1978 .
The creation of a separate network was made possible when Radio 4 became a fully national network and moved from medium wave to long wave .
The establishment of a separate network was only made possible when Radio 4 became a fully national network and moved from medium wave to long wave .
Bungarus is a genus of elapid snakes .
They are commonly known as kraits .
Kraits are venomous .
There are 12 species and 5 subspecies .
Modern database systems are governed by things about transactions called the ACID principle .
Modern database system are governed by things about transactions called the ACID principle .
An adult Black Mamba can be up to 14 feet long .
An adult Black Mamba can be up to 14 foot long .
Dipsy is the second Teletubby in the BBC children 's television program Teletubbies .
He is green and is called Dipsy because his horn looks like a dipstick .
He likes his black and white furry top hat .
Dipsy Hat !
His face is also notably darker than the rest of the Teletubbies .
They had a special way of making tools like spear tips and knives from stones .
They had a special way of making tools like spear tips and knives made from stones .
This means that he will probably have to find another team .
Loire Atlantique is one of the 83 first departments of France created in 1790 .
Many people still think it as Britanny 's capital and some want to join it back to Britanny again .
Loire Atlantique is one of the 83 original departments of France created in 1790 .
Many people still consider it as Britanny 's capital and some want to join it back to Britanny again .
Many depend mainly on carbon dioxide for their carbon source .
Boxing Day is an old custom going back to the Middle Ages .
The main feature is the giving of gifts to workers or to poor people .
He spent most of his childhood in Memphis playing slide guitar for money on the streets .
He later recorded for Chess was still the music was never released .
He kept playing with blues musicians in the Chicago area for several more years .
The recordings were a failure and Shines sold his guitar and went back to construction .
The album has since then become a blues classic .
He was put into the Blues Hall of Fame later the same year .
He spent most of his childhood in Memphis playing slide guitar at an early age in local jukes and for tips on the streets .
He later recorded for Chess and was once again denied release .
He kept playing with local blues musicians in the Chicago area for several more years .
The album has since then become a blues classic and it brought Shines into the mainstream music scene .
It featured playing from Snooky Prior and Johnny Nicholas .
He was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame later the same year .
People traveled on the Oregon Trail in wagons in order to settle new parts of the United States of America during the 19th century .
Most wagons were pulled by oxen .
The Oregon Trail was first traveled around 1841 .
The Emancipation Proclamation by Abraham Lincoln ordered the freedom of all slaves residing in those states still in rebellion during the American Civil War .
Nor did it apply to areas where Union forces had already regained control .
The Emancipation Proclamation by Abraham Lincoln ordered the freedom of all slaves in those states still in rebellion during the American Civil War .
The Emancipation Proclamation by Abraham Lincoln ordered the freedom of all slaves residing in those states still in rebellion during the American Civil War .
The Proclamation was issued in two parts .
The five border states where slavery was still legal were exempt because they had remained loyal to the Union and were not in rebellion .
Tennessee and the vicinity of New Orleans were exempt because Union forces had already regained control there .
Only a small number of slaves already behind Union lines were immediately freed .
Some former slaves joined the Union army .
Lincoln worked hard to pass a constitutional amendment ending slavery .
This Emancipation Proclamation freed many people .
It was built from 1869 until 1883 .
Preservatives and antioxidants may be put into some food and drug products to make their shelf life longer .
Some companies use induction sealing and vacuum pouches to add to the shelf life of their products .
It shows the date before which the supplier intended the food should be consumed .
It is also helpful to the customer and ensures that the product is at its best quality when bought .
These dates are meant to help keep track of the stock in stores .
It also separates or form lumps that will clog the bottle nipple .
Preservatives and antioxidants may be incorporated into some food and drug products to extend their shelf life .
Some companies use induction sealing and vacuum pouches to assist in the extension of the shelf life of their products .
It is also beneficial to the customer and ensures that the product is at its best quality when bought .
These dates are intended to help keep track of the stock in stores .
Shelf life is the limit of time that products can be stored .
Shelf life is the recommendation of time that products can be stored .
Shelf life is how long food can be kept safely .
Shelf life is the length of time that food can be stored .
They should only be used as a guide .
The shelf life itself can not always be trusted to tell how safe it is to eat a certain item of food .
A rare exception is a case of renal tubular damage said to have been caused by out of date tetracycline .
These breakdown processes usually happen more quickly at higher temperatures .
This is because such foods usually go bad quickly and may be dangerous to eat .
Changing the posted date is illegal in many countries .
Beer is does not keep forever .
This can change the beer 's freshness date .
This is known as shelf life .
Shelf life is the limit of time that products can be stored .
They should therefore be used more as a guide .
The shelf life itself is not an accurate indicator to tell how safe it is to eat a certain item of food .
A rare exception is a case of renal tubular damage purportedly caused by expired tetracycline .
These breakdown processes characteristically happen more quickly at higher temperatures .
This is because such foods usually go bad quickly and may be injurious to health if spoiled .
Tampering with the posted date is illegal in many countries .
Beer is perishable .
The title is only competed for by the Raw brand .
The current champion is Melina who is in her third reign .
The title is exclusive to the Raw brand .
The origins of the group can be traced back to the student protest movement in West Germany .
Industrialised nations in late 1960s experienced massive social upheavals stemming from dissatisfaction with capitalist society among both workers and students .
The Communist Party of Germany had been outlawed since 1956 .
They 'll kill us all .
You know what kind of pigs we 're up against .
This is the Auschwitz generation .
You ca n't argue with people who made Auschwitz .
They have weapons and we have n't .
We must arm ourselves !
Young people were alienated from both their parents and the institutions of state .
Oxford University Press ISBN 0192801686 .
It is claimed that property destruction during the Watts Riots in the United States in 1965 influenced the practical and ideological approach of the RAF founders as well as some of those in Situationist circles .
ISBN 0006369650 .
This could perhaps be seen as an extension of Marx 's work as he did not cover this area in detail .
ISBN 0333964306 .
Ongoing events further catalyzed the situation .
The Shah 's security were armed with wooden staves and were free to beat protesters .
The officer was acquitted in a subsequent trial .
Before that the monopoly on the legitimate use of physical force had never been put into question by German oppositionists after 1945 .
All four of the defendants were convicted of arson and endangering human life for which they were sentenced to three years in prison .
The Red Army Faction was formed with the intention of complementing the plethora of revolutionary and radical groups across West Germany and Europe and was to be a more class conscious and determined force compared with some of its immediate contemporaries .
In 1969 the Brazilian revolutionary Carlos Marighella published his Minimanual of the Urban Guerrilla .
Build Up the Red Army !
Other theories suggest that she took her life because she was being ostracized by the rest of the group .
Five masked assailants immediately shot and killed the three policemen and the driver and took Schleyer hostage .
The leader introduced himself to the passengers as Captain Mahmud who would be later identified as Zohair Youssef Akache .
The Bonn crisis team again decided not to give in .
His body was dumped on the runway .
Not one passenger was seriously hurt and Wischnewski was able to phone Schmidt and tell the Bonn crisis team that the operation had been a success .
To weaken the organization further the government declared that some RAF inmates would be released if the RAF refrained from violent attacks in the future .
The last action taken by the RAF took place in 1993 with a bombing of a newly built prison in Weiterstadt by overcoming the officers on duty and planting explosives .
As a result Birgit Hogefeld and Wolfgang Grams were to be arrested in Bad Kleinen .
Grams and GSG 9 officer Michael Newrzella died during the mission .
Heute beenden wir dieses Projekt .
Die Stadtguerilla in Form der RAF ist nun Geschichte .
Today we end this project .
ISBN 1873176473 .
It won the Queensland premier 's award for literature in 2005 .
The RAF is the subject of the title song from Marianne Faithfull 's 1977 album Broken English .
German punk band Wizo have a song about the group titled RAF .
Joe Strummer wore an RAF shirt and talked about it in The Clash 's 1980 film Rude Boy .
Christoph Hein 's novel In seiner fruehen Kindheit ein Garten deals with a fictionalized aftermath of the Grams shooting in 1993 .
They do not figure into the movie based on the novel .
Author unknown .
The media 's first celebrity terrorists Picture essay of Red Army Faction at The First Post website .
Build Up the Red Army English translation of 1970 manifesto from the Red Army Faction .
These little particles are moved around the Large Hadron Collider in opposite directions at high speeds by magnetism .
These little particles are accelerated around the Large Hadron Collider in opposite directions at high speeds by magnetism .
Very tiny black holes would die and turn into energy before it could hurt people .
The second reason is that the LHC would make very tiny black holes .
This is the only way to see some particles because very high energy is needed to create them .
The LHC 's particle collisions have the energy needed .
Very tiny black holes would die and turn into energy before they could hurt people .
Very tiny black holes would die and turn into energy before it could hurt people .
These little particles are moved around the Large Hadron Collider at very high speeds by giant magnets .
The nuclei hit one another at close to the speed of light and break into strange pieces .
These little particles are moved around the Large Hadron Collider at high speeds by giant magnets .
The nuclei hit one another close to the speed of light and break into strange pieces .
The winter shutdown means that it will not be used again until November 2009 .
The winter shutdown means that it will not be used again until September 2009 .
It 's a machine used to shoot very small particles into each other at high speed .
These little particles are moved around the Large Hadron Collider at very high speeds by giant magnets .
The nuclei hit one another at close to the speed of light and break into strange pieces .
These little particles are moved around the Large Hadron Collider at very moderate speeds by giant magnets .
The nuclei hit one another at close to the speed of light and break into strange pieces of cheese .
Protons are parts of atoms with a positive charge .
The protons are moved around the Large Hadron Collider at very high speeds by giant electromagnets .
The protons hit one another at close to the speed of light and break into strange pieces .
These little particles are moved around the Large Hadron Collider at very high speeds by giant electromagnets .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
It is to be found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
It is to be found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France .
He was the to Michigan 's defensive line play .
He was a sure and it was next to to him on .
They felt he was one guy who could stay and fight for a losing .
Wistert varsity letters in baseball three years .
He was the key to Michigan 's defensive line play .
He was a sure tackler and it was next to impossible to fool him on trick maneuvers .
They felt he was one guy who could stay and fight for a losing cause .
Wistert earned varsity letters in baseball three years .
It was started by Lady Margaret Beaufort in 1511 .
It was founded by Lady Margaret Beaufort in the year 1511 .
His son Elihu Lauterpacht started the center and was its first director .
His son Elihu Lauterpacht founded the center and was its first director .
Drake born in California in 1986 .
Drake born in California .
Drake born in Orange County in 1986 .
Drake learned to play a guitar when he was 13 .
Release Date for his third Album is January 2009 .
Some songs of his new Album appeared .
Drake born in California in 1986 .
Drake learned to play a guitar when he was 12 .
It can be used as an insecticide or pesticide .
This means that the crocin underlying saffron 's aroma is a digentiobiose ester of the carotenoid crocetin .
Saffron has a bitter taste and smells like hay .
This smell is caused by the chemicals picrocrocin and safranal .
The number of leaves is between five and eleven .
THe flowers of the saffron crocuses only last for one or two weeks .
Another legend tells how someone named Crocus was bewitched and transformed into the original saffron crocus .
No one knows how saffron arrived in South Asia .
It has been the world 's most expensive spice by weight for decades .
Saffron also has medicinal applications .
Raised beds are traditionally used to promote good drainage .
Theories explaining saffron 's arrival in South Asia conflict .
The wild plant from which the saffron crocus came was called Crocus cartwrightianus .
Humans began choosing wild plants that had long stigmas .
Experts believe that the first document to mention saffron is a 7th century BC Assyrian book about botany which was written in the time of Ashurbanipal .
Traders carried saffron for long distances before the 2nd millennium BC .
Saffron threads were also scattered across beds and mixed into hot tea as a way of curing sad feelings .
Other people were afraid that the Persians would use saffron as a drug and aphrodisiac .
The wild precursor of domesticated saffron crocus was Crocus cartwrightianus .
Human cultivators bred wild specimens by selecting for unusually long stigmas .
Experts believe saffron was first documented in a 7th century BC Assyrian botanical reference compiled under Ashurbanipal .
This means that reproduction is dependent on human assistance .
The corms are small brown globules up to in diameter and are shrouded in dense parallel fibers .
These can grow to up to in length .
Each prong has a crimson stigma of between 25 and 30 mm in length at the end of it .
It is also important for the rain to fall at the right time of year .
Lots of spring rain followed by a dry summer is best .
The corms are small brown globules up to in diameter and are shrouded in a dense mat of parallel fibers .
Saffron plants grow best in strong and direct sunlight .
It is also important for the rain to fall at the right time of year .
Lots of spring rain followed by a dry summer is best .
This means that reproduction needs human help .
The corms are small brown globules up to in diameter and are covered in dense parallel fibers .
This means that reproduction is dependent on human assistance .
The corms are small brown globules up to in diameter and are shrouded in dense parallel fibers .
It can not reproduce because the saffron crocus 's purple flowers do not produce useful seeds .
The corms are small brown balls up to in diameter and are covered in thick parallel fibers .
Rainfall just before flowering also makes the plant give more saffron .
Egyptian healers used saffron as a treatment for all types of gastrointestinal ailments .
It is unable to reproduce because the saffron crocus 's purple flowers do not produce useful seeds .
The corms are small brown globules up to in diameter and are covered in dense parallel fibers .
Egyptian healers used saffron as a treatment for all varieties of gastrointestinal ailments .
Phoenicians then sold Kashmiri saffron as a dye and a treatment for melancholy .
Phoenicians then marketed Kashmiri saffron as a dye and a treatment for melancholy .
Much saffron had to be imported by Venetian and Genoan ships from southern and Mediterranean lands such as Rhodes .
The theft of one such shipment by noblemen started the 14 week long Saffron War .
It should be understood as an allegory of a special initiative of God .
The Gospel of Matthew also says that the virgin birth of Jesus fulfils a prophecy from the Book of Isaiah .
This has been believed since the second century .
Mary 's virginity at the conception of Jesus is also part of Islam .
This is sometimes seen as evidence that Paul did not know about the virgin birth of Jesus .
The fact that the father is totally missing suggests that there was not one .
The fact that Paul did n't write about the infancy and even the ministry of Jesus may be seen as fitting this pattern .
The Gospel of Matthew additionally presents the virgin birth of Jesus as fulfilling a prophecy from the Book of Isaiah .
Mary 's virginity at the conception of Jesus is also a tenet of Islam .
It could be compared to the creation of Adam in the sense that both creations were by God .
This is sometimes seen as evidence that Paul knew of no account of the virgin birth of Jesus .
This is because the emphasis on the mother .
The absence of reference in Paul 's writings to the infancy and even the ministry of Jesus may be seen as fitting this pattern .
Parents ' reports of food additives proved to be better indicators whether additives were present than clinical tests .
Parental reports were more accurate indicators of the presence of additives than clinical tests .
It usually does n't give out the names and addresses of people who post documents .
This was where the track for people going to the Lachlan gold fields crossed the Mandagery Creek .
This was where the road for people going to the Lachlan gold fields crossed the Mandagery Creek .
The police quickly left the train and placed themselves around the hotel so that the Kelly gang was trapped inside .
The police quickly left the train and the hotel with the Kelly gang now trapped inside .
The first public event at the stadium was the opening ceremony of the 2002 Commonwealth Games on 25 July 2002 .
Among the dignitaries present at the ceremony was Queen Elizabeth II .
The first public football match at the stadium was a friendly between Manchester City and Barcelona on 10 August 2003 .
The stadium has also hosted several other sporting events .
The stadium has a number of unofficial alternative names .
After the club was taken over by the Emirati Abu Dhabi United Group in 2008 some supporters jokingly referred to the stadium as Middle Eastlands .
The stadium is currently owned by Manchester City Council and is leased by the football club .
The East Stand is unofficially known to fans as the Kippax after the corresponding stand at Maine Road .
Supporters of visiting teams are allocated part of the South Stand .
The areas without seating in each corner have moveable louvres to allow for the ventilation of the pitch .
Entry is gained by contactless smart card rather than the traditional manned turnstile .
The stadium is also licensed for marriage ceremonies .
There are 218 floodlights in the stadium each using 2000 watts .
The Manchester Velodrome and the National Squash Centre are a short distance from the stadium .
The City of Manchester Stadium is located to the east of Manchester city center .
Several special bus services serve the stadium when events take place .
The first concert at the venue was a performance by the Red Hot Chili Peppers who were supported by James Brown in 2004 .
Summer activities such as concerts and boxing matches often take a toll on the pitch .
Originally it was built for Manchester 's bid to host the 2000 Olympics .
It is now their home stadium .
It is also called COMS or Eastlands .
It was first designed as part of Manchester 's failed bid for the 2000 Summer Olympics .
The stadium is shaped like a bowl .
It has two levels all the way around .
There is a third level along the two side stands .
Work on redevelopment around the ground began in April 2010 .
The stadium has a number of unofficial nicknames .
Eastlands was used before the stadium was officially named .
It is still commonly used .
City of Manchester Stadium is sometimes abbreviated to COMS when written .
The stadium has generally received positive feedback from fans .
It came in second behind Old Trafford in a 2005 poll to find the United Kingdom 's favorite football ground .
As Manchester City Council own the stadium it is also called the Council House by fans of City 's rivals Manchester United .
The stadium is owned by Manchester City Council .
It is leased by the football club .
The 2008 takeover made the football club the richest in the world .
This made rumors that the club could think about buying the stadium from the city .
The stadium has a number of unofficial alternative names .
After the club was taken over by the Emirati Abu Dhabi United Group in 2008 some supporters jokingly referred to the stadium as Middle Eastlands .
The stadium is currently owned by Manchester City Council and is leased by the football club .
The inside of the City of Manchester Stadium is a full oval bowl .
It has three levels of seating at the sides .
There are two levels at each end .
This is like other football grounds .
It was named in honor of the former player .
The South Stand was officially named the Key 103 Stand for sponsorship reasons from 2003 to 2006 .
Fans mostly ignored this name for it .
Part of the North Stand is called the Family Stand .
It is reserved for supporters with children .
The East Stand is unofficially known to fans as the Kippax .
It is named after the East Stand from Maine Road .
Supporters of visiting teams sit in part of the South Stand .
There are 68 executive boxes within the stadium .
The stadium roof is toroidal in shape .
It is suspended from steel cables attached to eight towers .
These provide access to the upper level of seating via spiral ramps .
The areas without seating in each corner have moveable louvres .
This allows for the ventilation of the pitch .
Entry is gained by contactless smart card rather than the usual manned turnstile .
A service tunnel running under the stadium provides access for emergency vehicles .
It allows the visiting team 's coach to enter the stadium directly .
Inside the stadium are six themed restaurants .
Two of restaurants have views of the pitch .
There are also a number of conference facilities .
It has a natural grass pitch reinforced with artificial grass fibers made by Desso .
There are 218 floodlights in the stadium .
Each uses 2000 watts .
The stadium is the centrepiece of an area known as Sportcity .
It also includes several other sporting venues .
Next to the stadium is the Manchester Regional Arena .
The Manchester Velodrome and the National Squash Centre are close to the stadium .
But safety concerns about ice on the blades led to the proposal being dropped .
The City of Manchester Stadium has won a number of design awards .
On 30 January 2007 it was announced that the UK 's first Super Casino would be built in the Sportcity area close to the stadium .
Plans for this have since been stopped .
The East Stand is unofficially known to fans as the Kippax after the corresponding stand at Maine Road .
Supporters of visiting teams are allocated part of the South Stand .
The areas without seating in each corner have moveable louvres to allow for the ventilation of the pitch .
Entry is gained by contactless smart card rather than the traditional manned turnstile .
There are 218 floodlights in the stadium each using 2000 watts .
The Manchester Velodrome and the National Squash Centre are a short distance from the stadium .
The nearest railway station is Ashburys .
Services are limited due to the small size of the station .
An extension to the Metrolink tram system with a stop at the stadium was announced in 2000 .
A Sportcity Metrolink station will open in 2012 .
Outside the football season the stadium hosts concerts .
It is one of the UK 's largest music venues .
The first concert at the stadium was a performance by the Red Hot Chili Peppers in 2004 .
They were supported by James Brown .
Local band and vocal Manchester City supporters Oasis have played concerts at the stadium .
One of their shows was featured on their DVD Lord Do n't Slow Me Down .
Summer activities such as concerts and boxing matches often tear up the pitch .
The first concert at the venue was a performance by the Red Hot Chili Peppers who were supported by James Brown in 2004 .
Summer activities such as concerts and boxing matches often take a toll on the pitch .
The stadium roof is toroidal in shape .
It had also previously been called the West Lothian Courier Stadium .
The Stadium was constructed in 1995 .
The outside of the cell is a cell membrane .
Inside some cells other parts of the cell stay separate from other parts by membranes .
Eukaryotes are less simple cells .
All eukaryotic cells have a Nucleus .
Both kinds of cells have DNA .
In the prokaryote it is not separated from the rest of the cell by a membrane .
In the eukaryote DNA is separate from the rest of the cell .
All prokaryotic organisms are made of just one cell .
Unicellular organisms are made of one cell .
Unicellular organisms live without other cells to help them .
So the cell does all things that it needs to live .
Multicellular organisms are made from many cells .
This can be a small number of cells .
This can be millions of cells .
All plants and animals are multicellular organisms .
The cells of a multicellular organism are not all the same .
They have different shapes and sizes .
They do different work in the organism .
The cells are specialised .
This means they do only some kinds of work .
They can not do everything that the organism needs to live .
They need other cells to do other work .
Cells were discovered by Robert Hooke .
He used a microscope to look at organisms in 1665 .
He named cells after the Latin word cella which means a room .
He did this because he though cells looked like small rooms .
These ideas still are the basic ideas of cell theory .
Prokaryotes are also known as bacteria .
Nucleus is in eukaryote but not in prokaryote .
The cells of a multicellular organism stay together with other cells .
They are not all alike .
They have different shapes and sizes and carry out various functions in the body .
The cells are specialised to form many different groups .
Each group of cells may carry out a special function .
Cells were discovered by Robert Hooke with his microscope in 1665 .
These ideas still form the basis of cell theory .
All cells are made by other cells .
They each do different things in the cell .
All cells come from pre exsisting cells .
The body cells of metazoans divide by simple mitotic cell division .
His most popular show was the Twilight Zone .
He is most well known for producing and the television series Twilight Zone In 1973 and 1974 he hosted syndicated radio program .
Codename longhorn was meant to be released in 2005 but it was delayed because Microsoft was having problems with new technology .
The first beta of Windows 7 is to be released in January 2009 .
Codename longhorn was ment to be released in 2005 but then it was delayed because Microosft were having problems with new technology .
The first beta of Windows 7 is to be released in Janurary 2009 .
The Final version will be released at the end of 2009 .
The Final version is to be released at the end of 2009 .
The Release Candidate was avaliable on May 5th and the build string is 7100 .
It is to be released to computer manufacturing in August and to the stores in October .
Build 6801 was a customized version of Milestone 3 that was shown at the Professional Developers Conference and was given to the people that where there .
Build 6801 was a customized version of Milestone 3 that was shown at the PDC and was given to it 's attendees .
The Big Mac Index is an economic index .
It compares the purchasing power of two currencies .
The way they are changing it is by making it to where the person with more health in a two person melee battle wins and if the health is the same both players die .
Marc Eskander is a legendRacism is a belief that some people have that says one race or ethnicity is better than another .
Racism is a belief that some people have that says one race or ethnicity is better than another .
Whites taking the piss out of niggers .
Racism is a belief that some people have that says one race or ethnicity is better than another .
These people are called racists .
People have always split people in different groups .
This may not always be racism .
It is racism to say some groups are better than the others and to discriminate other groups .
Scientists usually say that different races came from groups of families living in one place for a very long time .
Many countries today say that differences between people are not important as far as the law goes .
That means everyone has the same rights guaranteed in the constitutions of those countries .
This enslavement happened because of the racist belief that Black Africans were less fully human than white Europeans and their descendants .
This view was necessary to justify the slave trade at a time when Western culture had begun to promote individual rights and human equality .
This enslavement was accomplished because of the racist belief that Black Africans were less fully human than white Europeans and their descendants .
Apoptosis is the death of a cell .
Apoptosis is used to get rid of cells that are not needed anymore by the body .
This is especially important in normal growth .
Apoptosis is into the cell 's DNA and allows the cell to die without causing inflammation .
The cell enzymes that the cell from the inside .
Apoptosis is the cellular death and happens in most body cells every day .
It is into the cell 's DNA and is a safe and death .
The cell enzymes that down the cell from the inside .
The left over parts are then removed by other special cells called phagocytes .
The other way is messy and leaves the cell 's contents all over nearby cells meaning they could become infected or .
This is how cancer and viruses spread .
This is how cancer spreads around the body .
Phagocytes or Phagocytic cells are specialised cells that and break down dirt or bacteria .
These chemicals may come from bacteria or from other phagocytes that are already there .
The phagocytes move by a way called chemotaxis .
These parts are then shown to other cells of the immune system .
Some phagocytes then move to the body 's lymph nodes and show the bacterial parts to white blood cells called lymphocytes .
This action is important in getting immuninty .
Many bacteria have evolved ways to not be eaten or killed by phagocytes .
The phagocytes move by a method called chemotaxis .
This material is then displayed to other cells of the immune system .
Some phagocytes then travel to the body 's lymph nodes and display the material to white blood cells called lymphocytes .
This process is important in building immunity .
Victory often comes with a lot of feelings of happiness or joy .
Victory often comes with lots of feelings of happiness or joy .
Victory dances and victory cries similarly parallel war dances and war cries performed before the violence .
Victory dances and victory cries similarly parallel war dances and war cries performed before the outbreak of physical violence .
Juan Gris was a close friend of hers .
He was informed by Vince McMahon that he was indeed elligable for the draft .
At the event The Undertaker appeared from a flaming casket after Orton killed him on an episode of Smackdown .
After Armageddeon Orton entered thirtieth and last in the Royal Rumble match .
Orton asked Mysterio to put his title shot on the line in a match at No Way Out .
At one time every member of the group was a champion .
Randy won the World Heavyweight Title from Chris Benoit at Summerslam 2004 but the night after Orton was betrayed by Evoultion and at Unforgiven he lost the World Heavyweight Title to Triple H in a No Disqualification match .
After that he developed a WWE magazine with the Undertaker on it .
He stated that he would become the first ever man to defeat the Undertaker .
During the weeks before Wrestlemania Orton RKO 'd his girlfriend Stacy Kiebler and Jake Roberts .
At Wrestlemania 21 despite his dads interferance he was unsucessful in defeating the Undertaker .
The next night on Raw he faced the World Heavyweight Champion Batista .
He stated that his match with the Undertaker had aggravated a shoulder injury .
When sidelined he appeared on RAW and stated that he could not get drafted due to injury .
He was infored by Vince McMahon that he was indeed elligable for the draft .
At the event The Undertaker appeared from a flaming casket after Orton killed him on an episode of Smackdown .
The feud was finally setteled in a Hell In A Cell match at Armageddeon .
Undertaker even offered to retire if he lost .
He won however .
After Armageddeon Orton entered thirtieth and last in the 2006 Royal Rumble match .
Orton urged Mysterio to put his title shot on the line in a match at No Way Out .
In the weeks prior to No Way Out Orton made comments about Mysterios late friend Eddie Guerreo who had recently passed away in November .
She dies before the story begins .
The Book of Nahum is a book in the Bible 's Old Testament and Jewish Tanakh .
The book of Nahum is a book in the Bible 's Old Testament and Jewish Tanakh .
A music recording sales certification is the award system that a country uses for music sales .
Music recording sales certification is a system of showing that a music recording has sold a certain number of copies .
The number of sales required for these awards varies depending on the population of the territory in which the album is released .
Normally they are awarded only to albums released at least across a whole country and are awarded individually for each country in which the album is sold .
Relient K formed as a four member band back in 1998 .
At the time they were still attending high school .
They were still attending high school at the time .
This is called the resurrection .
His friends and his own mother had to see it .
The crucifixion is necessary to Christianity .
His friends and his own mother had to witness it .
Jesus sacrificed himself for all of mankind to show his love .
He plays for Roma and the Norwegian national football team .
He plays for Roma and Norway national team .
John Arne Riise is a football player .
There is wide agreement in Colombia that the game is completely Colombian .
It is from the angel Michael in the Bible .
The expedition was looking for gold and for a way to China .
They explored the southern United States .
All that is known with certainty is that he spent time as a child at both places .
De Soto 's expedition explored the the southeastern United States searching for gold and a passage to China .
Such a rifle can fire single rounds like this until the firearm 's bullets in the cartridges is gone .
Such a rifle can fire single rounds in this manner until the firearm 's supply of cartridges is depleted .
Gateway towns will be the first to get funding for improving their towns .
Irish Spatial Strategy .
Their final status has yet to be determined .
The territories were originally part of the British Mandate of Palestine .
They were captured and occupied by Jordan and by Egypt in the late 1940s .
Palestinian territories is one of a number of names for these areas .
Palestinian territories is one of a number of designations for these areas .
It is an additive in foods .
Its an additive in foods .
They changed some parts of Homer 's Odyssey and then made their next film Oh Brother Where Art Thou ?
They also received good critics .
In 1984 they made their first movie Blood Simple .
The story is about a man who has a bar and asks a detective to kill his wife and her lover .
Joel and Ethan directed it but only Joel appears in the credits and he won an award at Sundance and Independent Spirit .
The critics say that movie shows many elements that later became part of their directing style .
They wrote in 1985 the screenplay for Crimewave .
The movie was not directed by the brothers but by Sam Raimi .
He teaches students at Leiden University .
He married in 1986 and has two sons and a daughter .
He was almost faction leader of the Partij van de Arbeid but narrowly lost to Wouter Bos .
He teaches students at the Leiden University .
He is married in 1986 and has two sons and a daughter .
Bitzius gew up there and received his early education .
Healso had to help his father to cultivate his glebe .
In 1832 he was chosen as his successor .
He married one of his granddaughters in 1833 .
It is accessible from the CBBC Channel by pressing the red button and then selecting CBBC extra .
It can also be accessed from any other BBCi page by pressing 570 .
The current presenter of CBBC extra is Ed Petrie .
Viewers can also send in their question which could be shown on the service .
It is accessible from the CBBC Channel by pressing red and then selecting CBBC extra .
It can also be accessed from any other BBC channel by pressing red and going to page number 570 .
The current presenter is Ed Petrie .
Viewers can also send in their question which could be shown to the nation .
CBBC Quiz can be found by pressing the red button on a BBC television channel and keying in page 570 .
Viewers then arrive at CBBC Extra and can then select the option that reads CBBC Quiz .
The previous computer generated backgrounds used from December 2006 were replaced by a real set .
This has since been replaced by a new facility in the East Tower of Television Centre .
Hunt covered BBC One links and Foy presented links for the channel until February 2007 when the duo switched presenting duties .
The previous CSO computer generated backgrounds used from December 2006 were replaced by a real set .
CBBC extra is a free interactive television service from CBBC .
It is found on the BBCi pages .
Viewers can also send in their questions which could be shown on the service .
The website is found .
It allows users to create their own room which they can decorate .
The new feature is often on the CBBC Channel .
CBBC extra is a free interactive television service from CBBC provided by BBCi .
Viewers can also send in their question which could be shown on the service .
It allows the user to create their own den or room in which the can furnish .
The new feature is heavily promoted on the CBBC Channel .
The Children 's BBC name began on 9 September 1985 .
The CBBC brands for BBC One and BBC Two are CBBC One and CBBC Two .
The CBBC brand for BBC One and BBC Two are CBBC One and CBBC Two .
Anne Gilchrist is Creative Director of CBBC and Michael Carrington is Creative Director of CBeebies .
It governored the colonies during the American Revolution and met three times from 1774 to 1789 .
A Drink that contains alcohol is generally known as alcoholic drink .
Most countries limit the sale of the different kinds of alcohol .
Drink that contain alcohol is generally known as alcoholic drink .
Most contries limit the sale of the different kinds of alcohol .
Sophism can mean two very different things .
Protagoras is often said to be the first of the sophists .
Protagoras is generally regarded as the first of the sophists .
A sophism is means to deceive someone in a debate or conversation .
A sophist is a someone who uses sophisms and sophistry means using lots of sophisms .
A sophism is taken as a specious argument used for deceiving someone .
Sophists will try to persuade the audience while paying little attention to whether their argument is logical and factual .
Sophistry means making heavy use of sophisms .
The word can be applied to a particular text or speech riddled with sophisms .
They started using these in 1949 after World War II .
This gave better and quicker forecasting .
This did n't change until 1973 when a new computer was bought .
This made forecasts twice as accurate as earlier ones .
Alkaloids are chemical compounds that can be made naturally .
They contain basic nitrogen atoms .
The name comes from the word alkaline and was used to describe any alkaline containing nitrogen .
Alkaloids are chemical compounds occurring in nature that contain basic nitrogen atoms .
Quinine was first used against malaria in Rome in 1631 .
The best type of quinine used to treat malaria was found by Charles Marie de La Condamine in 1737 .
Quinine was used to colonize Africa by Europeans .
It is a stereoisomer of quinidine .
Quinine is available with a prescription in the United States .
Quinine was first used to treat malaria in Rome in 1631 .
Most of the priests trained in Rome had seen malaria victims and were familiar with the shivering brought on by the cold phase of the disease .
The correct form of quinine best used to treat malaria was found by Charles Marie de La Condamine in 1737 .
Large scale use of quinine as a prophylaxis started around 1850 .
Quinine also played a significant role in the colonization of Africa by Europeans .
Quinine can make someone paralysed if it is injected into a nerve .
It is very toxic in overdose .
The development of mild cinchonism is not a reason for stopping or interrupting quinine therapy and the patient should be reassured .
Quinine can cause paralysis if accidentally injected into a nerve .
It is extremely toxic in overdose and the advice of a poisons specialist should be sought immediately .
Neverland is a fictional island that is where the book Peter Pan happens .
Neverland is a fictional island that is the setting for the book Peter Pan .
It is also the seat for the borough of Guildford .
It is the county seat for the borough of Guildford and the administrative headquarters of the South East England region .
The town has Saxon roots .
Its location is due to the gap in the North Downs where the River Wey is forded by the Harrow Way .
The town became important enough by 978 to be the Royal Mint .
With the building of the Wey Navigation and Basingstoke Canal Guildford was in the center of a network of waterways that aided its prosperity .
The subsequently arrested suspects became known as the Guildford Four .
They usually use strings or other things to make the puppet move and to look alive .
The person who works the puppet and makes it move are puppeteers .
The audience usually can not see them .
The puppeteer uses his fingers and hand to work the puppet .
Punch and Judy are famous glove puppets .
They usually use strings or other mechanisms to mock movement and to make the puppet look alive .
Puppeteers are the operators of puppets and are usually concealed from the view of the audience .
An example is a ventriloquist and dummy .
The puppeteer uses his fingers and hand to manipulate the puppet .
Fruit flies and mice are often used for animal testing .
The himantes were wrapped around the hands and knuckles many times .
Around 400 BC sphairai were introduced .
The biggest difference was that the inside was padded when they were wrapped around the hands .
The outside of the thong was more rigid too .
Leather braces extended up the forearm to give greater support when punching .
The knuckles were reinforced with leather as well .
In around 400 BC sphairai were introduced .
The only notable difference was that they contained a padded interior when wrapped around the hands and the exterior of the thong was notably more rigid and hard .
Leather braces extended up the forearm to give greater support when punching and the knuckles were reinforced with leather as well .
It is the highest active volcano in Colombia .
There was a lahar after an eruption in 1985 .
It is the northernmost and highest active volcano in Colombia .
Nevado del Ruiz is composed of andesitic and dacitic lava flows .
This is the deadliest lahar flow in world history .
The Nevado del Ruiz was created by the subduction of the oceanic Nazca Plate beneath the continental South American Plate .
Inhabitants who live in the towns around the volcano refer to it as the Sleeping Lion .
It had been dormant for nearly 150 years before the Armero lahar .
Foreign policy also involves dealing with groups that are not countries but that are still important .
It has a length of 234 kilometers .
It is the second longest river in the T hoku region of Japan and the 6th longest river in Japan .
It rises from springs in the peaks of the Nasu Mountains .
This results in an error because such an object can not exist .
This results in an object that can not exist .
The impression of a 3D gigure may still remain even after there was the contradiction .
Some of these figures are more subtle .
In these cases it is not apparent that they are impossible right away .
The viewer carefully needs to look at the geometry of the object ot find out that it is indeed impossible .
This results in an error because such an object can not exist .
In most cases the impossibility becomes apparent after viewing the figure for a few seconds .
There are also more subtle examples of impossible objects where the impossibility does not become apparent spontaneously and it is necessary to consciously examine the geometry of the implied object to determine that it is impossible .
Many were rescued and restored when the tram services stopped .
There is also street furniture from around the United Kingdom .
The museum 's collection of trams runs through the village setting .
The museum is set up as an Edwardian village with tram lines running one mile out into the countryside .
Many were rescued and restored when the tram services in the cities stopped .
Many were rescued and restored when the tram services stopped .
More modern tramways such as the Sheffield Supertram and Manchester Metrolink have opened more recently as light rail systems .
The tramway at the museum follows the route of part of an old railway .
Most British tram networks closed in the 1960s .
The most notable exception to this is Blackpool .
Systems such as the Sheffield Supertram and Manchester Metrolink have since opened more recently as light rail systems .
After the Tramway Museum Society 's members had a tour of the quarry they bought part of the site and buildings .
In the early 1990s the government decided that trams were a way of stopping the traffic problems that were growing in the UK .
The first track was built by the Victorian railway engineer George Stephenson .
He saw an opportunity to quarry it and make some money .
In the early 1990s the government decided that trams were a way of stopping the congestion problems that were growing in the UK .
The original track was built by the Victorian railway engineer George Stephenson .
He saw an oppurtunity to quarry it and make some money .
Many of the tramcars were also made to work again .
Many of the tramcars were also to a working condition .
It has tram lines going out about into the area around the village .
Many were saved and when the tram in the cities stopped .
It has tram lines going out about into the area surrounding the village .
Many were rescued and when the tram services in the cities stopped .
The museum got lots of items of street furniture and even some complete buildings .
It became a in 1962 and a year later it was listed as an educational charity .
It became a company limited by guarantee in 1962 and a year later it was listed as an educational charity .
He saw a chance to mine it and make some money .
He saw an opportunity to mine it and make some money .
It is the first tramcar to be restored .
It is the first tramcar to be restored from derelict condition .
It is the home of the National Tramway Museum .
There is also a collectoion of old street furniture from around the United Kingdom .
The trams that are in the museum used to run on tramlines along the streets of different cities .
Crich Tramway Village is the home of the National Tramway Museum .
It is set up as an Edwardian village .
There is also old street furniture from around the United Kingdom .
The trams that are in the museum used to run on tramlines along the streets of cities .
Multiple connections using different type of protocols .
Multiple simultaneous concurrent sessions using different type of protocols .
IP Version 6 support .
IPv6 support .
Multiple connections using different types of protocols .
Multiple connections using different type of protocols .
This was because Benny 's father could not take care of them .
Benny was the winner of the contest run for Alaska students in grades seven to twelve in 1926 .
Benny was the winner of the contest conducted for Alaska students in grades seven through twelve in 1926 .
He is a former three time World Tag Team Champion .
He played for Bayern Munich and the West German national team .
He has played for Bayern Munich and West Germany national team .
Spelling reforms are the most common form of language reform .
Another good example of what language simplification can do is the word flammable ' .
Another good example of what language simplificatioon can do is the word flammable ' .
Another good example of what language simplification can do is the word flammable .
Another good example of what language simplification can do is the word flammable ' .
Spelling reforms are the most common form of language reform .
The name comes from the fact that two such shafts are required to form one rear axle .
Early automobiles often used chain drive or belt drive mechanisms rather than a drive shaft .
Some used electrical generators and motors to transmit power to the wheels .
The name derives from the fact that two such shafts are required to form one rear axle .
The automotive industry also uses drive shafts at testing plants .
At a transmission test stand a drive shaft connects the prime mover with the transmission .
It used a straight shaft powering a worm gear which then turned a gear .
The engine faced forward in the frame .
Motorcycle engines positioned such that the crankshaft is longitudinal and parallel to the frame are often used for shaft driven motorcycles .
Motorcycles with shaft drive are subject to shaft effect where the chassis climbs when power is applied .
Cardan shafts are also often used in marine applications between the transmission and either a propeller gearbox or waterjet .
Ahmad wanted to make small changes to Islam .
This is usually called a reform .
Both groups still exist today .
Mirza Ghulam Ahmad was an important religious figure .
He claimed to have fulfilled the prophecies about the world reformer of the end times who was to herald the Eschaton .
Ahmadis consider themselves Muslims and claim to practice the Islam that was taught and practiced by Muhammad and his followers .
He wanted it to be a revitalization of Islam .
Ahmadis consider themselves Muslims and claim to practice the Islam that was taught and practiced by Muhammad and his companions .
He claimed to have fulfilled the prophecies about the world reformer of the end times .
Such things were told in the stories and writings of many World religions .
The original Ahmadiyya movement split into two separate groups The Split in the Ahmadiyya Movement by Maulana Muhammad Ali after the death the first successor of Ghulam Ahmad .
The groups havw different interpretations of Ahmad 's teachings and claims .
The views of Ahmadiyya are controversial to mainstream Muslims .
The majority of Muslims have not accepted Mirza Ghulam Ahmad 's claims .
They do not consider Ahmadis to be Muslims .
Controversial points include the Ahmadiyya view on the death and return of Jesus and their concept of Jihad .
This verse talks about the finality of Muhammad .
The members of the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement are not subject to such criticism because they do not believe in Mirza Ghulam Ahmad was a prophet .
He claimed to have fulfilled the prophecies about the world reformer of the end times who was to herald the Eschaton .
These groups vary in their specific interpretations of Ahmad 's teachings and claims .
The International Headquarters of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community is currently in London within England on Gressenhall Rd .
The Ahmadiyya views on certain beliefs in Islam have been controversial to mainstream Muslims since the Movement 's birth .
The members of the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement are not subject to such criticism as they do not believe in Mirza Ghulam Ahmad as a prophet and are more close to traditional mainstream Islam .
Mirza Ghulam Ahmad founded the movement in 1889 and named it it the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community .
His goal was to restore life into Islam .
Mirza Ghulam Ahmad founded the movement in 1889 and termed it the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community .
His goal was a revitalization of Islam .
He also was an inventor who wanted to change the society he lived in .
Babies have a reflex to suck everything and that means everything that is put in their mouth .
Babies have a reflex to suck everything that is put in their mouth .
He was born in the city of Kolkata .
His Bengali family was prominent in arts and letters .
He was born in the city of Kolkata and his Bengali family was prominent in arts and letters .
This is usually done to make it possible to use the language for more subjects .
Status planning wants to change the way a language is used .
This is usually done ot make it possible to use the language for more subjects .
Corpus planning creates new words or expressionms or changes old ones to have a new meaning .
Corpus planning is involved with creating standards for a language to be able to make an ortography and grammar or to create dictionaries .
Status panning wants to change the way a language is used .
A computer programmer uses the words in the API to build application programs .
Pakistan was under pressure by the public to vote against the war although some had been considering a vote for the war .
After the war ended however Pakistan had indicated that it was willing to send troops to Iraq for peacekeeping .
Salazar was ambushed and shot by Mexican troops in 1919 .
Zapata is a folk hero in Mexico to this day .
It is part of the City of Leeds borough .
It is part of Leeds .
He is the oldest son of Arthur and Antoinette Anton and of four children .
He is the eldest son of Arthur and Antoinette Anton and of four children .
The mayor of Delta is Lois Jackson .
Delta was made in 1868 by two people named William and Thomas Ladner .
In 1879 Delta turned into a municipality .
The busy Tsawwassen Ferry Terminal is in Delta .
North Delta is next to Surrey by Scott Road to the east and 96th Avenue to the north .
The first and only Krispy Kreme donut shop in British Columbia is in North Delta .
North Delta is also has the Scottsdale Centre shopping mall .
Ladner is the main center of Delta .
The current mayor of Delta is Lois Jackson .
In 1879 Delta was created as a municipality .
Delta is also the located of the busy Tsawwassen Ferry Terminal .
North Delta is bordered with Surrey by Scott Road to the east and 96th Avenue to the north .
North Delta is famous for being the location of the first and only Krispy Kreme donut shop in British Columbia .
North Delta is also the location of the Scottsdale Centre shopping mall .
Ladner is the administrative center of Delta .
The outgoing IP packets establish the device translation tables .
The outgoing IP packets establishes the device translation tables .
However IPv6 still did not achieve a widespread use .
However IPv6 has yet to achieve widespread use .
RC4 was created by Ron Rivest of RSA Security in 1987 .
The two main reasons which helped its use over such a big range of applications are its speed and simplicity .
Uses of RC4 in both software and hardware are extremely easy to develop .
RC4 was designed by Ron Rivest of RSA Security in 1987 .
The leaked code was confirmed to be genuine as its output was found to match that of proprietary software using licensed RC4 .
The two main factors which helped its deployment over such a wide range of applications are its impressive speed and simplicity .
Implementations of RC4 in both software and hardware are extremely easy to develop .
Computer security is a branch of information technology known as information security which is intended to protect computers .
Computer security involves telling computers what they are not to do .
This makes computer security unique because most programming makes computers do things .
Secyrity takes much of a computers power .
Limit access to computers to safe users .
Peripherals which block any unsafe activity .
Computer security is a branch of information technology known as information security as applied to computers .
Computer security imposes requirements on computers that are different from most system requirements because they often take the form of constraints on what computers are not supposed to do .
This makes computer security particularly challenging because it is hard enough just to make computer programs do everything they are designed to do correctly .
Physically limit access to computers to only those who will not compromise security .
Operating system mechanisms that impose rules on programs to avoid trusting computer programs .
Programming strategies to make computer programs dependable and resist subversion .
It is found in South and Southeast Asia and in parts of Australia .
Graphium is a genus of swallowtail butterflies .
They are commonly known as swordtails .
The genus has over 100 species .
These species are mostly tropical .
Their coloration is variable .
Their habitat varies from rainforests to savannahs .
Some species have tails on their hind wings which may be long and swordlike .
Others do not have any tails .
Graphium species are often seen at mud puddles .
Graphium is a genus of mostly tropical swallowtail butterflies commonly known as swordtails .
Graphium species are often sighted at mud puddles .
Information theory is a branch of applied mathematics and electrical engineering that measures the amount of information in data which could have more than one value .
The most common use of information theory is to find physical and mathematical limits on the amounts of data in data compression and data communication .
The amount of information in data measures how easily it could be guessed by a person who does not know its value .
Information theory is a branch of applied mathematics and electrical engineering .
Information theory measures the amount of information in data which could have more than one value .
The amount of information in data measures how easily it is guessed by a person who does not know its value .
Information theory is a branch of applied mathematics and electrical engineering that measures the amount of information in data which could have more than one value .
The most common use of information theory is to find physical and mathematical limits on the amounts of data in data compression and data communication .
The amount of information in data measures how easily it could be guessed by a person who does not know its value .
During the seventh century the Umayyad fought successfully against the early Rajput in north India and in Central Asia .
Unitarianism is a term that describes some forms of Christianity .
Unitarianism can be described as the belief that God has one personality .
But they do n't think that Jesus is part of God himself .
It weighs 14000 pounds and stands 12 feet tall at the shoulder .
It weighs 14000lbs and stands 12 feet tall at the shoulder .
A post office opened in 1847 .
The mail came through Carcoar .
Everyone was held hostage in the hotel .
The gang held a big party for everyone in the hotel .
A post office opened at Canowindra in 1847 with mail coming from Carcoar .
An account of the incident was reported in the Bathurst Times .
The town is the site of one of the world 's great fossil discoveries .
A road worker in 1956 found 360 million year old fish fossils .
These were from the Devonian period in the Paleozoic era .
The fish had been trapped in a pool of water that dried up .
More fossils were found in January 1993 using an excavator to dig down to the fossil layer .
Specimens can be seen in the Age of Fishes Museum .
This was built with support and funding from the Australian Museum .
Canowindra is the site of one of the world 's great fossil discoveries .
The fish had been buried when trapped in a pool of water that dried up .
More fossils were found in January 1993 .
The particles are steered by magnets .
It 's the reverse process of atomic weapons where matter is turned into energy .
The Reconquista began shortly after the Islamic conquest .
The Reconquista came to an end on the 2 January 1492 with the capture of Granada .
The Reconquista began in the immediately after the Islamic conquest .
The Reconquista came to an end on the 2 January 1492 with the conquest of Granada .
There are two kinds of hadrons .
A hadron is either a baryon or a meson .
The album was to be called Bryan Adams Has n't Heard Of You Either but the record company wanted him to change the title to something safer .
This was the album that formed the sound that Adams has retained throughout his recording career .
It was after listening to this album that Dave Taylor decided to become Bryan Adams ' bass player .
Kambly is a Swiss biscuit factory .
Kambly is represented in more than 30 different countries .
It is the most famous and most liked biscuit brand of Switzerland .
Kambly is a swiss biscuit factory .
Kambly is today the biggest biscuit producer and the leading exporter of switzerland .
Kambly is in more than 30 different countries represented .
It 's the most famous and most liked biscuit brand of Switzerland .
It was a real lovestory .
It was founded in 1910 by Oscar Kambly .
In 1910 he could absorb the store of his instructor .
There are 420 employees .
It was founded in 1906 by Oscar Kambly .
When he went at her home he had the idea to make a biscuit after a grandmother 's recipe .
Today it 's Oscar Kambly the third who administrates the factory .
Makeup or cosmetics can cover up the parts of the skin with vitiligo .
But the treatment given by most skin doctors is cortico steroid cream .
Makeup or cosmetics can cover up the appearance of the decolored skin .
But the treatment given by most dermatologists is cortico steroid cream .
Certain things can be done to fight its effects .
Another approach is to mark the ciphertext with markers at regular points in the output .
Various schemes have been designed to increase the security of LFSRs .
Another approach is to tag the ciphertext with markers at regular points in the output .
Another approach uses several of the previous N ciphertext digits to compute the keystream .
Various schemes have been proposed to increase the security of LFSRs .
The shrinking generator uses a different technique .
This can be improved by buffering the output .
Stream ciphers are often used in applications where plaintext comes in quantities of unknowable length as in secure wireless connections .
The other device can be designed for used in less securely environments .
The shrinking generator takes a different approach .
This can be alleviated by buffering the output .
The latter device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments .
The town is one of the fastest growing towns in all of Ireland .
The diagram illustrates the encryption process .
The diagram illustrates both encryption and decryption .
The religion has a strong dualistic world view .
The religion has a strong dualistic worldview .
The members of this sect wore white and performed baptisms like the Mandaeans .
They lived in east Judea and northern Mesopotamia .
Mani later left the Elkasaites to start his own religion .
Mani later left the Elkasaites to found his own religion .
No successful linear or differential attacks have been reported .
No successful linear or algebraic weaknesses have been reported .
It was meant to be a replacement for the Data Encryption Standard .
IDEA can be used with the OpenPGP standard .
The algorithm was intended as a replacement for the DES .
IDEA is an optional algorithm in the OpenPGP standard .
Better conditions are expected by Sunday .
Search and rescue teams said that the number of deaths may increase due to the likelihood of people trapped in flooded houses .
The rain also destroyed large amounts of farmland and killed large numbers of livestock .
The most common condition is an algorithm using a lookup table .
This means that the answers for some question for every possible value can be written down .
True carnivory probably evolved in at least ten separate groups of plants .
There are more than twelve genera in five families .
True carnivory probably evolved in at least ten separate lineages of plants .
There are now over a dozen genera in five families .
Carnivorous plants are plants which get nutrients from trapping and eating animals .
This ability of plants to catch animals is called true carnivory .
Insectivorous plants have leaves that are modified into pitchers or bladders which capture insects .
Flypaper traps use sticky mucilage .
Bladder traps suck in prey with a bladder that produces an internal vacuum .
True carnivory has probably evolved independently at least six times .
The plant then absorbs the nutrients through its leaves .
Plants that were better at holding water and insects therefore had a selective advantage .
Carnivorous plants are plants that get some or most of their nutrients from trapping and eating animals .
Flypaper traps use a sticky mucilage .
Bladder traps suck in prey with a bladder that generates an internal vacuum .
Triphyophyllum is a passive flypaper that secretes mucus .
Insectivorous plants have leaves that are made like pitchers or bladders which catch insects .
It has three types of leaves .
The tentacles are very sensitive and will bend toward the center of the leaf in order to bring the insect into contact with as many stalked glands as possible .
This helps the catch and digestion of prey .
Insectivorous plants have leaves that are modified into pitchers or bladders which capture insects .
The tentacles are extremely sensitive and will bend toward the center of the leaf in order to bring the insect into contact with as many stalked glands as possible .
This helps the capture and digestion of prey .
It was codenamed Network X during the consultation period and is the sister station to BBC Radio 1 .
This is part of the BBC 's massive Broadcasting House complex of radio studios and offices .
It was called Network X during the planning period .
This is part of the BBC 's massive Broadcasting House complex of radio studios and other offices .
It was codenamed Network X during the consultation period and is the sister station to BBC Radio 1 .
This is part of the BBC 's massive Broadcasting House complex of radio studios and offices .
HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMSValiant were sunk but later raised and returned to active service .
HMS Queen Elizabeth and Valiant were sunk but later raised and returned to active service .
Making sure that data is whole or complete .
The Republic of China did not see them as independent .
The 13th Dalai Lama denied that he had let Dorjiev sign a treaty with Mongolia .
Is the treaty valid ?
Republic of China did not recognize either of the two .
What happened next ?
It is one of the first 83 departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the original 83 departments created during the French revolution .
It is also one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is also one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
Its is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
Its is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
People protested against England 's break with Rome and the Dissolution of the Monasteries .
A full graphical touch screen having buttons with the meaning of the buttons changing with each screen .
Examples of such embedded devices are the ATMs .
A full graphical touch screen with touch screen having buttons with meaning of the buttons changing with each screen .
Systems built in this way are still regarded as embedded since they are integrated into larger devices and fulfill a single role .
Examples of devices that may adopt this approach are ATMs and arcade machines .
There are several different types of Embedded software designs in common use .
Some embedded systems are mainly interrupt controlled .
This means that tasks performed by the system are generated by different kinds of events .
Sometimes the interrupt handler adds longer tasks to be executed by the main loop .
At this level the system is considered to have an operating system kernel and can run tasks in parallel .
Exokernels communicate in a good way by normal subroutine calls .
Ports to common embedded CPU sets are available .
Many embedded systems lack the strong real time requirements of a control system .
A system such as Embedded Linux has fast enough response time for many applications .
There are several different types of software architecture in common use .
Some embedded systems are predominantly interrupt controlled .
This means that tasks performed by the system are triggered by different kinds of events .
These kinds of systems are used if event handlers need low latency and the event handlers are short and simple .
Sometimes the interrupt handler will add longer tasks to a queue structure .
This method brings the system close to a multitasking kernel with discrete processes .
This is the level at which the system is generally considered to have an operating system kernel .
Exokernels communicate efficiently by normal subroutine calls .
Ports to common embedded chip sets are available .
Many embedded systems lack the tight real time requirements of a control system .
A system such as Embedded Linux has fast enough response for many applications .
In this case an organization builds a system to suit .
A communication system passes data between the two .
Many embedded systems do not have the strong real time needs of a control system .
System such as Embedded Linux and Windows CE have fast response time enough for many applications .
Features requiring faster response than what can be provided by embedded operating systems can be placed in special hardware .
Many embedded systems lack the strong real time requirements of a control system .
A system such as Embedded Linux has fast enough response time for many applications .
Features requiring faster response than can be guaranteed can often be placed in hardware .
Downloaded from the public domain .
Often backup modes are selected by an operator .
A full graphical touch screen having buttons with the meaning of the buttons changing with each screen .
Often backups are selected by an operator .
These operating systems are designed to be very compact and efficient .
They leave out many of the functions the embedded computer never uses .
An airbag is a useful vehicle safety device .
Breed Corporation then marketed this innovation first in 1967 to Chrysler .
Airbag is useful vehicle safety device .
How airbags work ?
It used to be the site for steelworks .
Ravenscraig used to have the largest steel mill in Western Europe .
Ravenscraig is an area of land located in North Lanarkshire .
Ravenscraig is very easy to get to .
They were the largest steel manufacturer before World War II .
Turning Ravenscraig from an empty field into a site for steelworks .
By 1957 most of the machinery was built and by 1959 the full building work was complete .
In 1954 the first stages of development began in Ravenscraig turning a green field into a site for steelworks .
An Ecological Clerk of Works has been appointed to make sure the building works do not affect wildlife .
There are many people who disagree with the building work .
Many local residents and small businesses think that it will take jobs and customers from other towns .
There will be new transport within walking distance of the new town center .
With new bus services to Glasgow and Lanark .
These will link to the public transport network with roads to the Motherwell and Carfin rail stations .
It is feared it will destroy jobs and nearby businesses will suffer .
There will be a new transport interchange within walking distance of the new town center offering bus services to Glasgow and Lanark .
These will link to the broader public transport network with options to connect to the Motherwell and Carfin rail stations .
One on One mode .
The score is said instead of being a sequence Bop It noises that have to be worked out .
A maximum score of 500 .
Both male and female voices are available .
There is a new game mode called Light Bop .
The arms can be adjusted .
There are 15 levels which you play through .
A maximum score of 1000 .
Online download of new music and voices and a record your own voice feature .
There is a new game mode called Light bop .
You can adjust the arms .
You are meant to do the action only if the light and sound match .
Bop It Download does n't have any game modes .
Each level on Bop It Download gets harder and harder .
It requires 500 points to reach the maximum score of 1000 .
Then it says that you are the Bop It master !
There are other games that are played like Bop It and are made by Hasbro .
It 's like simon says where you only do the action if the light matches the sound .
Bop It download does n't have any game modes .
Each level on bop it download gets harder and harder .
It requires 500 points to reach the maxium score of 1000 which then says that you are the bop it master !
There are other games that are played like bop it and are made by hasbro .
The game is designed to test a player 's mental skill by inducing the player to follow directions at a faster and faster pace .
Gameplay consists of the player following series of commands issued by the toy from speakers .
The name Bop It derives from the command to push the central button which bears the name of the game .
In 1996 Hasbro released the first in its Bop It line .
When the game commands the player to Bop it !
When the game commands the player to Twist it !
When the game commands the player to Pull it !
The maximum score is 100 and it is announced at the end of gameplay in a cypher where different tones represent different point values .
World of Tim .
Retrieved 3 December 2008 .
The maximum score was 100 .
The game included 2 new inputs along with the original three from Bop It .
BopIt Extreme Rules Instructions .
BopIt Extreme Rules Instructions .
The layout of the toy was changed and the shapes of several inputs were altered for ease of use .
Bop It Extreme 2 was released in black and white as well as pink variations .
Bratz Bop It .
Amazon review .
The maximum score is increased above that of the original Bop It to a 200 point maximum .
Bratz Bop It Instructions .
The use of a cypher to report score was again adopted as in the two original Bop It models .
The next Bop It game that was released Bop It Download also created by Hasbro .
It was released in 2007 and it 's going to be replaced with Bop It !
Everyone which will be released near June 2009 .
It is called Bop It !
Everyone and the game was shown at the toy fair .
Bop It !
Vox bop is the main game to Bop It .
The game calls out the commands in random with a musical beat that gets faster and faster and stops getting faster .
The game is over if a player makes a mistake .
The difference in Beat Bop mode is that the game uses sounds as commands instead of words .
Bop It !
Spin It !
Flick It !
Pull It !
Twist It !
Light bop is a game featured in bop it blast and bop it download .
It plays just like Simon Says where the player only has to do the command when the voice and the light both match .
When they hear the command to Bop it !
Party is a game mode featured in Bop It everyone .
It is like a pass the parcel game where the game is passed after each command .
The Bop It commands are called out in different tones .
These tones differ from version to version as well .
The brachets repersent the word the voice says the tone in .
Tonal distortions occur when battery power is low in the original Bop It and Bop It Extreme .
Advanced players have developed techniques for holding the toy to minimize movements and to quickly return to the basic position .
For this reason most players keep their hands centrally located along the side bars .
Lorelai later explains that Bop It is what they bring out in social situations that need mouth to mouth resuscitation .
There is a maximum score of 250 points .
Commands include Top it !
Top It .
Amazon review .
The Groove It is an audio game made by Hasbro in 2005 .
The Groove it issues voice commands like Bop It .
The maximum score is 300 and the game hs a ranking system .
The Super Click It was released in 2000 by Walmart .
Available game modes are identical to those of Bop It Extreme .
Bop It is a game made by Hasbro .
The game has 3 controls .
It had 3 game modes and the maximum score was 100 .
The second model was a lot smaller .
They were nicknamed Flick it and Spin It .
The Maximum score was increaed to 250 .
There was a new game mode called Light bop which is just like simon says .
The maximum score was increased to 500 .
There is also a program where you can upload your own voice to the game .
Everyone is the newest bop it model for 2009 .
It has a new command called shout it where the player must say something into the green microphone .
It is to be released to the US on June 7th and to toy retailers at the end of June in the UK .
Bop It is an electronic toy made by Hasbro .
It is a reflex game which tells the player what to do .
The game is designed to test a player 's mental skill by inducing the player to follow directions at a faster and faster pace .
Gameplay consists of the player following series of commands issued by the toy from speakers .
The name Bop It derives from the command to push the central button which bears the name of the game .
Bop It toys are a line of electronic games that are manufactured by Hasbro in China .
It was called Bop It and it had three game modes and the maximum score was 100 and it is announced with a victory song .
The maximum score was increased to 250 .
This version did not include a victory song .
It was released in 2009 and it has a new input called Shout It where the playyer has to say something into the microhpone .
Master Level !
You beaet Bop It !
Bop It is a line of electronic games that are manufactured by Hasbro in China .
It was called Bop It and it had three game modes and the maximum score was 100 and it is announced with a victory celebration .
There was a new game mode called Light Bop .
This game is like the game Simon Says .
It was released in 2009 and it has a new function called Shout It where the playyer has to say something into the microhpone .
BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra is a digital radio station from the BBC .
It is broadcast on digital radio services and digital TV in the UK and Republic of Ireland .
It is not available on normal analog radio .
It is not available via normal analog radio .
It is used to provide an additional sports commentary service when the main radio channel BBC Radio 5 Live is already being used .
It has given coverage of Major League Baseball 's World Series since 2004 .
It has transmitted coverage of Major League Baseball 's World Series since 2004 .
It is also the digital radio home for Test Match Special which provides full commentary without the shipping forecast provided by the Radio 4 long wave coverage .
Immunity aware programming is a set of programming techniques used while writing firmware for an embedded system .
Most of these techniques apply to the software in the victim device to make it more reliable while few of these techniques apply to software in the source device to make it send out less unwanted noise .
Most of these techniques apply to the software in the victim device to make it more reliable while few of these techniques apply to software in the source device to make it emit less unwanted noise .
She was found in a bookstore while singing songs .
She was discovered in a bookstore while singing songs .
They also do not have light sensors and basic motion sensors .
It is similar to English with a different grammar structure .
They also do n't have light sensors and basic motion sensors .
It is simalar to English with a different grammer structure .
Some of the first Furbies have rare eye colors .
Some classic Furbys have rare eye colors .
God is one of the important people in the Bible .
God is one of the first parts of the Bible .
Branch prediction which is used to avoid delays cause of control dependencies to be resolved .
What will be switched is determined by the processor and the operating system .
What constitutes the context is determined by the processor and the operating system .
Some CPUs have hardware support for context switches else it is performed totally by the operating system software .
Mowgli feels unwelcome and out of place in the human village where he now lives .
She follows him into the jungle .
Instruction caches make it even worse .
Instruction caches make this phenomenon even worse .
This assumption is invalidated by pipelining .
Every microprocessor manufactured today uses at least 2 stages of pipeline up to 30 or 40 stages .
Everything behind the purple instruction is delayed as well but everything in front of the purple instruction continues with execution .
Everything behind the purple instruction is delayed as well but everything ahead of the purple instruction continues with execution .
It can be completed with a nop code .
Every microprocessor manufactured today uses at least 2 stages of pipeline .
Intel Pentium 4 processors have 20 stage pipelines .
Such organization of processor internal modules reduces the instruction 's overall processing time .
Every predominant general purpose microprocessor manufactured today uses at least 2 stages of pipeline up to 30 or 40 stages .
The performance of a pipelined processor is much harder to predict and may vary widely for different programs .
This disadvantage can be reduced by predicting whether the a conditional branch instruction will branch based on previous activity .
Instruction caches make the problem even worse .
Such organization of processor internal modules reduces the instructions overall processing time .
Pipelining does not completely remove idle time in a pipelined CPU but making CPU modules work in parallel increase instruction throughput .
Every microprocessor manufactured today uses at least 2 stages of pipeline up to 30 or 40 stages .
The performance of a pipelined processor is much harder to predict and may vary widely between different programs .
Instruction caches make it even worse .
Each instruction processes one data item .
Thus the degree of intrinsic parallelism in the code stream forms another limitation .
SMT permits multiple independent threads of execution to better utilize the resources available inside a modern superscalar processors .
Thus it is possible to design a multicore CPU is where each core is an independent processor containing multiple parallel superscalar pipelines .
Some multicore processors also include vector capability .
A superscalar processor executes more than one instruction during a clock cycle by simultaneously dispatching multiple instructions to redundant functional units on the processor .
Each instruction executed by a Scalar processors manipulates one or two data items at a time which each Vector processor instruction operates simultaneously on many data items .
There are multiple redundant functional units within each CPU thus multiple instructions process separate data items concurrently .
Thus the degree of intrinsic parallelism in the code stream forms a second limitation .
SMT permits multiple independent threads of execution to better utilize the resources provided by modern processor architectures .
Some processors also include vector capability .
SMT permits multiple independent threads of execution to better utilize the resources provided by modern computer architectures .
SMT permits multiple independent threads of execution to better utilize the resources provided by modern processor architectures .
The functional unit writes the results back to the register .
The key concept of OoO processing is to allow the processor to avoid a class of stalls that occur when the data needed to perform an operation are unavailable .
The functional unit writes the results back to the register file .
Public key infrastructures have been proposed go around the problem of identity authentication .
Public key infrastructures have been proposed as a way around this problem of identity authentication .
VeriSign is the most prominent commercial firm .
There have been several high profile public failures by assorted certificate authorities .
Together they are the most widely used high quality crypto system in the world .
The information they require to do so depends on the encryption technique they might use .
Public key infrastructures have been proposed go around the problem of identity authentication .
The nature of the information they require to do so depends on the encryption technique they might use .
The key exchange problem is how to exchange whatever keys or other information needed so that no one else can obtain a copy .
Public key infrastructures have been proposed go around the problem of identity authentication .
This key can then be used to encrypt subsequent communications using a symmetric key cipher .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
The JVM is an important component of the Java Platform .
The JVM is a crucial component of the Java Platform .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
Creuse is a department found in the center of France .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
Creuse is a department located in the center of France .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
They consider the risk of a nuclear accident unacceptable and generally believe that radioactive waste can not be disposed of safely .
They consider the risk of a nuclear accident unacceptable and generally believe that radioactive waste can not be safely disposed of safely .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
Gironde is a department found in the southeast of France in the Aquitaine region .
It is one of the 83 first French departments created during the French revolution .
Gironde is a department located in the southeast of France in the Aquitaine region .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
Landes is a department found in the southwest of France in the Aquitaine region .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
Landes is a department located in the southwest of France in the Aquitaine region .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
Meuse is a department found in the east of France in the Lorraine region .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
Meuse is a department located in the east of France in the Lorraine region .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
Morbihan is a department found in the west of France in the Bretagne region .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
Morbihan is a department located in the west of France in the Bretagne region .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
Oise is a department found in the north of France in the Picardie region .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
Oise is a department located in the north of France in the Picardie region .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
Sarthe is a department found in the west of France in the Pays de la Loire region .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
Sarthe is a department located in the west of France in the Pays de la Loire region .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
Somme is a department found in the north of France in the Picardie region .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
Somme is a department located in the north of France in the Picardie region .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
Vosges is a department found in the east of France in the Lorraine region .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
Vosges is a department located in the east of France in the Lorraine region .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
Yonne is a department found in the center of France in the Bourgogne region .
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French revolution .
Yonne is a department located in the center of France in the Bourgogne region .
It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution .
You sucjLoire river .
The Loire river .
The main riversLoire river .
You sucjLoire river .
A workhouse opened in 1734 and had 40 people .
The ITV drama series Peak Practice was filmed here .
A workhouse was opened in 1734 at the edge of Nether Common .
Forty people could live there .
The period is often extended beyond his death in 1910 to include the years up to the start of World War I in 1914 .
Queen Victoria had died in January 1901 .
There was still a big gap in living standards between the rich and the poor .
Most changes were to the number of points on the stars .
Most changes were about the number of points on the stars .
These were put on show in the Melbourne Exhibition Building .
The winning flag was flown from the top of the Exhibition Building .
Some of the winning flags in the competition showed the the stars of the Southern Cross with different numbers of points .
In 1934 the government published how the australian flag should be made .
The Royal Australian Navy has had its own flag from 1 March 1967 .
The Governor General of Australia also has a flag which is flown from his official house and from his car .
These were put on display in Melbourne Exhibition Building .
Five similar designs were given equal first prize .
The winning design was flown from the top of the Exhibition Building .
Some of the designs in the competition showed the the stars of the Southern Cross with different numbers of points .
In 1934 the government published the proper details of how the flag should be made .
The Royal Australian Navy has had its own flag since 1 March 1967 .
The Governor General of Australia also has a flag which is flown from his official house and from his automobile .
The judges took eight days to choose a winning flag .
Some of the winning flags had the stars of the Southern Cross with different numbers of points .
Australian ships would use the Red Ensign .
They took eight days to make their decision .
Some of the winning flags in the competition showed the the stars of the Southern Cross with different numbers of points .
In 1912 an extra point was added to the Commonwealth Star for the Territories of Australia .
In 1934 the government published how the australian flag should be made .
Only the Australian government and its various departments were allowed to fly the blue Australian flag .
The Red Ensign would be used by Australian ships .
In 1954 the Australian Flag became the Australian National Flag .
A competition was held to design a new flag for the new country .
A competition was held to design a flag for the new country .
It was the 55th consecutive election for President and Vice President .
It was the 55th consecutive quadrennial election for President and Vice President .
Chesterfield is a town in Derbyshire in England .
Fifteen double deck cars that were built in 1879 .
The upper decks later take off to lower the weight of the cars .
Four cars were built in 1881 by the Starbuck Car and Wagon Company who were based in Birkenhead .
The cars were paid for in .
Another four tramcars were built in 1986 by Brush of Loughborough .
Upper decks later removed to reduce weight .
Paid for in instalments .
Southampton Corporation Tramways was a transport company that opened in 1879 and closed in 1949 .
Southampton was becoming bigger in the nineteenth century .
This was because the docks were becoming much more used .
Southampton Corporation Tramways was a transport company opened in 1879 and closed in 1949 .
This was because of a railway opening in 1839 and the docks becoming more largely used .
It then came to be used for a range of light tints chosen for their neutral or cool appearance .
It has since come to be used for a range of light tints chosen for their neutral or cool appearance .
It was changed to look different in 2007 .
It had a facelift in 2007 .
A Guide to Understanding Cognitive and Behavioural Psychotherapies British Association of Behavioural and Cognitive Psychotherapies .
CBT is a term that includes many different therapies with some of the same elements and theoretical underpinnings A Guide to Understanding Cognitive and Behavioural Psychotherapies British Association of Behavioural and Cognitive Psychotherapies .
A demultiplexer is in this context a device that takes a single input signal that carries many channels and separates the channels over multiple output signals .
A demultiplexer is in this context a device taking a single input signal that carries many channels and separates those over multiple output signals .
A public transport tram system that runs on rails .
The energy used by equipment is always more than the energy really needed .
The entire Indian subcontinent is the homeland of the Hindus .
Phetchabun is near the Northeastern and the central of Thailand .
Form the east to the west is 55 km .
Form the north to the south is 296 km .
Branch prediction which is used to avoid delays cause of control dependencies to be resolved .
New technology such as inexpensive digital cameras and Internet distribution has made it easier than ever before to produce and distribute child pornography .
Child pornography refers to text or graphics portraying children in erotic poses or having sex .
Child pornography refers to written or electronic material showing or describing children who are in erotic poses or having sex .
Computer performance is the amount of useful work that a computer system can compared to the time it takes to perform this work .
Less time and fast response time mean higher performance .
Computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
The music video for Friend like that shows the band in a cartoon world .
Abolitionism was a movement that wanted to get rid of slavery in Europe and the Americas .
Abolitionism was a movement that wanted to abolish slavery in Europe and the Americas .
The Turkic languages are a language family of some thirty languages .
They are spoken by Turkic peoples across an area from Eastern Europe and the Mediterranean to Siberia and Western China .
Traditionally people think that they are part of the Altaic language family .
Women who use combined oral contraceptives have a lesser risk of getting cancer of the ovaries .
The risk can be reduced by half if the pill is taken for five years .
Taking the pill also significantly reduces the risk of endometrial cancer by half compared to women who have never taken the pill .
The risk reduction increases with duration of use .
The risk reduction for both ovarian and endometrial cancer persists for at least 20 years .
The pills contain hormones that make the women who take them infertile .
The pills contain hormones that make the women who take them temporarily infertile .
Women who take the pill will not become pregnant during sexual intercourse .
Always initiates requests to servers .
Waits for replies .
Receives replies .
Serve clients requests then replies with requested data to the clients .
It works with multiple different clients of different specifications .
Always initiates requests .
Serve then replies to requests from connected clients .
It functions with multiple different clients of different capabilities .
Knowles worked on the album for almost one year .
This is longer than she had spent on her previous solo albums and records with her old group Destiny 's Child .
Network computing is when computers work together over a network .
The network could also be for sharing files so that they can be looked at on any computer in the network easily .
This is where computers are not connect to a network .
Network computing is computers working together over a network and using the network to perform one or more jobs together .
This article is about loans of money .
This article focuses on monetary loans .
The area can be known as the integral .
It may also be used to define the integration operation .
The sum is named after a German mathematician who was called Bernhard Riemann .
The sums are named after the German mathematician Bernhard Riemann .
They rejected sensual pleasures and the accumulation of material wealth .
Militia who did not like the independence in East Timor started the conflict when they attacked civilians .
These attacks led to more violence all over the country .
The violence started after the result of an election was independance from Indonesia .
About 1400 civilians are thought to have died .
These attacks led to more violence which spread to the whole country .
The violence erupted after a majority of voters in the population of East Timor chose independence from Indonesia .
There is however a strong Manchester following and many fans that supported the club for their 26 years without a league title between 1967 and 1993 .
There is however a strong Manchester following and there are many fans that supported the club for their 26 years without a league title between 1967 and 1993 .
There is however a strong Manchester following and many fans that supported the club for their 26 years without a league title between 1967 and 1993 .
Manchester was given city status in 1853 .
Manchester was granted city status in 1853 .
The city has one of the biggest bus networks outside London with over 50 bus companies operating in the Greater Manchester area around the city .
The city has one of the biggest bus networks outside London with over 50 bus companies operating in the Greater Manchester region around the city .
A revival of the city 's importance started in the 1980s .
A revival of the city 's importance began in the 1980s .
A protocol describes how the cryptographic algorithms should be used to secure information .
A protocol describes how the algorithms should be used .
At present Iran and India are two countries where incidents of religious persecution are periodically reported .
Some state governments in India have been accused of not effectively prosecuting those who attack religious minorities .
The Piper at the Gates of Dawn is Pink Floyd 's first album .
Many people think it is one of the most influential albums in history .
Special limited editions were issued to mark its 30th and 40th anniversaries in 1997 and 2007 .
Cornell University and is located in the city .
Cornell University is located in the city .
Cornell University and Ithaca Collegeis located in the city .
Cornell University and is located in the city .
Cornell University and Ithaca College is located in the city .
Cornell University and Ithaca Collegeis located in the city .
The singer of this song and the band named Matt Thiessen said himself that the song was inspired by the weather in Ohio they could n't depend on the changing of it .
The singer of this song and the band named Matt thiessen said himself that the song was inspired by the weather in Ohio they could n't depend on the changing of it .
The underlying concept dates back to 1960 when John McCarthy expressed his opinion that computation may someday be organized as a public utility and the term Cloud was already in commercial use in the early 1990s to refer to large ATM networks .
They found the new cloud architecture resulted in significant internal efficiency improvements .
The underlying concept dates back to 1960 when John McCarthy expressed his opinion that computation may someday be organized as a public utility and the term cloud was already in commercial use in the early 1990s to refer to large ATM networks .
Clouds cross many borders and may be the ultimate form of globalisation Computers without borders .
The Cloud spans many borders and may be the ultimate form of globalisation Computers without borders .
This is very similar to the Unix philosophy of having multiple programsdoing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
This is very similar to the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
It is the development and use of computer technology on the Internet .
ActionScript is a scripting language similar to Javascript .
It is used for Adobe Flash and Adobe Flex .
ActionScript is a scripting language sharing common syntax with Javascript .
It is employed by Adobe Flash and Adobe Flex .
Morse code is a type of code that is used to send telegraphic information using rhythm .
Morse code is a type of character encoding that transmits telegraphic information using rhythm .
Within Pakistan it is the Provincial tree of Sindh .
The Delta blues is one of the earliest types of blues music .
Guitar and harmonica are usually used to play it .
The Delta blues is one of the earliest styles of blues music .
The Mississippi Delta area is famous both for its fertile soil and its extreme poverty .
Guitar and harmonica are the dominant instruments used .
The vocal styles range from introspective and soulful to passionate and fiery .
This is called Sembe .
Among the Bantu Kavirondo married women wear a short fringe of black string in front and a tassel of banana fiber suspended from a girdle behind .
This tassel looks like a tail from a distance .
The first travellers to Africa talked about a tailed race .
A characteristic feature of the people is their traditional nakedness .
Hence the report of early travellers as to a tailed race in Africa .
There are more women than men .
Members of the DeCavalcante family believed themselves to be the ones used for the DiMeo family .
Members of the DeCavalcante family believed themselves to be the inspiration for the DiMeo family .
Lake Manasarovar is the source of the Pakistani river Sindhu .
Sindhu flows west to the Arabian Sea .
It is the capital of the prefecture of Achaia and it is the capital of Greek perifereia of west Greece .
Opposite Rio is Antirio and it ends by the bridge .
Other significant sights in Patra are the church of Agios Antreas and the Apollon theater .
It is the capital of the prefecture of Achaea and it is the capital of Greek perifereia of west Greece .
Opposite Rio is Antirio and there end up the bridge .
Others significant sight in town of Patra is the church of Agios Antreas and Apollon theater .
It is the capital of the prefecture of Achaia and it is the capital of the Greek perifereia of west Greece .
It is the capital of the prefecture of Achaia and it is the capital of Greek perifereia of west Greece .
Patras is located in west Greece .
It is the capital of the prefecture of Achaea and it is the capital of the Greek perifereia of west Greece .
Other significant sights in Patras are the church of Agios Antreas and the Apollon theater .
Patra is located in west Greece .
It is the capital of the prefecture of Achaia and it is the capital of the Greek perifereia of west Greece .
Other significant sights in Patra are the church of Agios Antreas and the Apollon theater .
It was one of the first experiments showing that bacteria can move genetic information through a process known as transformation .
Griffith used two strains of Pneumococcus .
These bacteria infect mice .
This means that the host will die .
It was one of the first experiments showing that transformation .
It was one of the first experiments showing that bacteria can move genetic information through a process known as transformation .
Pentavalent elements are those elements which have five electrons in their outer shell .
The resulting material has a large number of free electrons .
The amount of impurity added is very small compared to the amount of semiconductor .
This type of doping agent is also known as donor material since it gives away some of its electrons .
The paramilitary forces of Pakistan consist of various organizations constitutionally charged to safeguard Pakistan 's national interests .
They also protect citizens from threats that could come from inside the country .
These threats started in 1971 .
Some divisions of the force are now incorporated under other organizations .
It is the administrative center for Puslinch .
It continued to be popular during the 17th century and is still popular today .
The actors would pass a hat round for people to put money in .
The words of the plays were mostly never written down .
The earliest known company was in Padua in 1545 .
The actors often wore masks .
The stories were often about people being cunning .
There were several characters who often appeared in lots of the stories .
These are called stock characters .
Usually the characters play with out scripts .
Born in Italy at the beginning of the 16th Century .
One of its most important features is the presence of masks .
After its adoption in France .
One example of this is the still popular Punch and Judy show in England .
There is also a live acoustic version of the song on the album .
A video of the song is on the MTV website .
The song was the first song Hawthorne Heights after changing their name from A Day in the Life .
The song is about love .
In 2005 a video of the song being performed by the band on tour was uploaded onto the MTV website .
MTV Live later streamed the song aswell .
The prominent theme in this song is love .
The lyrics constantly refer to waiting for someone who the narrator has a romantic relationship with .
Lyrics such as anything for you show the song 's second person narration .
The song was the first song by Hawthorne Heights after changing their name from A Day in the Life .
The song was the first song Hawthorne Heights after changing their name from A Day in the Life .
The Grapes of Wrath is a novel published in 1939 and written by John Steinbeck .
He won the Pulitzer Prize and the Nobel Prize for Literature for writing the book .
The book takes place during the Great Depression and is about the Joad family .
His work vastly influenced early filmmakers owing to his innovative use of and writings about montage .
In 1918 Sergei joined the Red Army with his father Mikhail supporting the opposite side .
Eisenstein 's idiosyncratic and artistic approach to cinema was incompatible with the more formulaic and commercial approach of American studios .
Paramount then proposed a movie version of Theodore Dreiser 's An American Tragedy .
Eisenstein was thus faced with returning home a failure .
He would publicly maintain that he had lost all interest in the project .
Eisenstein 's foray into the west made the staunchly Stalinist film industry look upon him with a suspicion that would never completely disappear .
Prokofiev composed the score for Eisenstein 's film and Eisenstein reciprocated by designing sets for an operatic rendition of War and Peace that Prokofiev was developing .
He is buried at Novodevichy Cemetery in Moscow .
His writings and films have continued to have a major impact on subsequent filmmakers .
Eisenstein felt the collision of shots could be used to manipulate the emotions of the audience and create film metaphors .
Eisenstein 's vision of communism brought him into conflict with officials in the ruling regime of Joseph Stalin .
Jay Leyda .
Jay Leyda .
He is famous for his silent films .
He also made historical epics like Alexander Nevsky and Ivan the Terrible .
His work influenced early film makers because of his use of montages .
He was also known for his historical epics Alexander Nevsky and Ivan the Terrible .
His work had a major impact on early film directors because of his creative use of and writings about montage .
Eisenstein continued to move often during his life .
Julia left Riga the year of the 1905 Revolution .
Sergei would return at times to see his father .
His father would later move to join them around 1910 .
His mother soon divorced his father and moved to France away from the family .
His father did not support his joining the army .
He learned some three hundred kanji characters which he cited as an influence on his pictorial development .
His work vastly influenced early filmmakers owing to his innovative use of and writings about montage .
In 1918 Sergei joined the Red Army with his father Mikhail supporting the opposite side .
Eisenstein would then work as a designer for Vsevolod Meyerhold .
The film was part of the tenth anniversary celebration of the October Revolution of 1917 .
People in the outside world praised the films .
He was joined by Grigori Aleksandrov and cinematographer Eduard Tisse .
The trip was supposed to allow Eisenstein and others to learn about sound motion pictures .
It would also show the famous Soviet artists to the capitalist West .
Eisenstein 's approach to filmmaking did not work with the style and way films were made in American film studios .
Eisenstein a biography of munitions invester Sir Basil Zaharoff and a film version of Arms and the Man by George Bernard Shaw .
He also made plans for a film of Sutter 's Gold by Jack London .
But the studio 's producers did not like the plan .
Eisenstein completed a script by the start of October 1930 .
Paramount disliked it completely .
Eisenstein was faced with returning home as a failure .
They were called examples of formalism .
These are used in film schools around the world .
Eisenstein spent a large amount of time with Charlie Chaplin .
Chaplin recommended that Eisenstein meet American socialist author Upton Sinclair who Chaplin thought might help Eisenstein .
The two liked each other 's work .
They joined with three other investors to make the Mexican Film Trust .
Eisenstein 's idiosyncratic and artistic approach to cinema was incompatible with the more formulaic and commercial approach of American studios .
Eisenstein was thus faced with returning home a failure .
Eisenstein 's health was also failing .
He had a heart attack during the making of this film .
He died soon after of another heart attack at the age of 50 .
He was joined by Alexandrov and Tisse .
This would be the final plan Eisenstein would settle on for his project .
Eisenstein liked these artists and Mexican culture in general .
Kimbrough had been sent along to act as a line producer on the film .
The upset Sinclair shut down production .
He ordered Kimbrough to return to the United States with the remaining film footage .
The three Soviets came as well to see what they could do with the film already shot .
This was lost due to Sinclair 's canceling of production .
Kimbrough returned to Los Angeles with the remaining film .
He would publicly say that he had lost all interest in the project .
He would publicly maintain that he had lost all interest in the project .
Eisenstein 's trip to the west made the Soviet film business look at him with a suspicion that would never completely go away .
He apparently spent some time in a mental hospital in Kislovodsk in July 1933 .
This was possibly a result of depression because he realized that he would never be allowed to edit the Mexican footage which was turned over by Sinclair to Hollywood editors .
In 1933 and 1934 he was in charge of writing the education plan .
They remained married until his death in 1948 .
There is some question about his sexuality .
It appears the film had many of the same problems as Que Viva Mexico .
Eisenstein decided to film two versions of the plot .
One was for adult viewers and one was for children .
He failed to set a clear shooting schedule .
He also used a lot of film which meant a lot of costs and missed deadlines .
The film ran into problems because it was not fully supported by its American financers .
Eisenstein 's foray into the west made the staunchly Stalinist film industry look upon him with a suspicion that would never completely disappear .
He had professional actors to play the roles .
The result was a film critically received by both the Soviets and in the West .
He won the Order of Lenin and the Stalin Prize .
It was an obvious allegory and hard warning against the growing forces of Nazi Germany .
It was Eisenstein 's first film in nearly a decade .
It also his first film with sound .
Nevsky was quickly pulled from distribution .
Eisenstein returned to teaching .
There is where he first considered the idea of making a film about Czar Ivan IV .
Prokofiev joined him there in 1942 .
Prokofiev composed the score for Eisenstein 's film .
Eisenstein designed sets for an opera version of War and Peace that Prokofiev was creating .
Prokofiev composed the score for Eisenstein 's film and Eisenstein reciprocated by designing sets for an operatic rendition of War and Peace that Prokofiev was developing .
His writings and films have continued to have a major impact on later filmmakers .
Eisenstein believed that editing could be used for more than just explaining a scene or moment through a linkage of related images .
Eisenstein felt the collision of shots could be used to control the feelings of the audience and create film metaphors .
He believed that an idea should be concluded from comparing two different shots .
This is what made a collage or montage within film .
Eisenstein taught film making during his career at GIK .
He also wrote the lessons for the directors ' course there .
His classroom illustrations are reproduced in Vladimir Nizhni 's Lessons with Eisenstein .
His narratives did not focus on individual characters .
He avoided using stars .
Eisenstein 's vision of communism brought him into conflict with officials in the ruling system of Joseph Stalin .
This would free them from bosses and budgets .
It would leave them free to create .
But budgets and producers were as important to the Soviet film business as the rest of the world .
His writings and films have continued to have a major impact on subsequent filmmakers .
Eisenstein felt the collision of shots could be used to manipulate the emotions of the audience and create film metaphors .
Eisenstein 's vision of communism brought him into conflict with officials in the ruling regime of Joseph Stalin .
It is in the Yass Valley Shire .
Yass is located about 280 km south west of Sydney and is 56km north of Canberra .
It is on the Hume Highway which is the main road between Melbourne and Sydney .
The new Hume Freeway goes around the town .
The Yass River flows past the town .
It includes many 19th century hotels with large verandahs .
It is in Yass Valley Shire .
Yass is 56km from Canberra The Yass River flows past the town .
It includes many 19th century hotels with verandahs .
They set up control rooms in the two luxury hotels that were targeted .
They sent emails to news organizations .
A previously unknown group identifying itself as the Deccan Mujahideen claimed responsibility by emailing news organizations .
The Deccan Mujahiddeen is an Islamist terrorist group .
They do attacks inside India .
Deccan refers to the Deccan Plateau in southern India .
The name is an anglicised from the Prakrit word .
ASIC has advantages compared to Programmable Logic Device or Standard Logic IC .
There are also disadvantages of ASIC .
ASIC has advantages and disadvantages comparing with Programable Logic Device or Standard Logic IC .
There are ASIC 's strong points .
There are disadvantages of ASIC .
The smallest frequency which could make electrons emit from the metal is the cutoff frequency or threshold frequency .
The intensity of the light does not affect the electrons of the metal .
Increasing the intensity of light will not display the photoelectric effect unless the frequency of light is greater than the threshold frequency .
The smallest number of the frequency which could make electrons emit from the metal is cutoff frequency .
The output of image processing can be either an image or a set of characteristics or parameters related to the image .
Analyzing and manipulating images with a computer .
Import an image with an optical scanner or directly through digital photography .
Manipulate or analyze the image in some way .
Output the result .
The result might be the image altered in some way or it might be a report based on analysis of the image .
The output of image processing can be either an image or a set of characteristics or parameters related to the image .
Encarta is a digital multimedia encyclopedia by Microsoft .
There is a more complete version called Encarta Premium made in 2008 .
Microsoft makes similar encyclopedias under the Encarta trademark in several different European languages and in Japanese .
Encarta is a digital multimedia encyclopedia published by Microsoft Corporation .
Microsoft publishes similar encyclopedias under the Encarta trademark in several different European languages and in Japanese .
The words white supremacy are sometimes used to describe a political idea that shows the social and political dominance of whites .
It is associated with racism .
The words White supremacy are sometimes used to describe a political idea that shows the social and political dominance of whites .
It is associated with varying degrees of racism .
There is also a desire for racial separation .
Ford used the name Ford Fusion before the launch of the European Ford Focus .
The used this name with in communications with contractors working on parts of that model 's launch publicity .
Many economists say that it is the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression during the 1930s .
The 2008 credit crunch was a worldwide event that lasted from September to October 2008 .
People were buying houses for more money than they were worth .
They did this because they thought the houses would increase in value and they could sell them for more money .
When houses stopped increasing in value people began to lose money .
Then when the price of houses went down people lost more money .
He is known for his horror movies with zombie themes .
Romero went to Pittsburgh 's Carnegie Mellon University .
It became a cult classic .
He is best known for his Dead Series of five horror movies featuring a zombie apocalypse theme and commentary on modern society .
It is one of Cardiff 's most famous landmarks .
It is one of Cardiff 's most regocniseable landmarks .
The people used Sanam Luang to perform ceremonies instead of growing rice .
Sanam Luang is an important national site .
Sanam Luang is the important old place of the nation .
A headset is a headphone with a microphone .
People can listen sound with headphone and can record sound with microphone .
Headsets is easy to use because it works like telephone without using hands .
Many people use headsets at the computer so they can converse and type easily .
A wireless headset can be put in a poket or a bag easily sincel it is small .
But this could n't be sold to people .
Second headset is US Army 's headset for airplane drivers in the World War I.
A headset is a headphone combined with a microphone .
Many people use headsets at the computer so they can converse and type comfortably .
A headset is devided wire headset and wireless headset .
A wireless headset can be used in a poket or a bag .
But this can be not sold to people .
Second headset is US Army 's headset for pilots in the World War I.
A wireless headset can be put in a poket or a bag easily due to its small size .
And this can be used to soundproofing in a game show or quiz show .
Headsets is easy to use because it works like telephone without using hands .
A wireless headset can be put in a poket or a bag easily sincel it is small .
And this can be used to soundproofing in a game show or quiz show etc.
People can listen to sound with headphone and can record sound with a microphone .
A wireless headset can be put in a pocket or a bag easily due to its small size .
This can be used for soundproofing in a game show or quiz show .
The second headset is the US Army 's headset for airplane pilots in World War I.
People can listen sound with headphone and can record sound with microphone .
A wireless headset can be put in a poket or a bag easily due to its small size .
And this can be used to soundproofing in a game show or quiz show .
A headset 's origin is Nathaniel Baldwin 's headset .
But this could n't be sold to people .
Second headset is US Army 's headset for airplane drivers in the World War I.
An endoscope is a medical tool that lets people see patient 's organs such as the stomach and intestines .
Supercomputer is super computer .
It is a computer with great speed and memory .
This kind of computer can do faster than any other computer at that generation .
Supercomputer has origin from commercial computer that could calculate pipeline 's flow .
It could indicate where was the wrong part in the pipelind .
Engineers are now making supercomputer that can link millions microprocesor as if many brains are gathered to advanced abillity .
Supercomputer that has shared memory is developed by using a parallel handling and pipelining concept .
EPCC Edinburgh Parallel Computing Centre .
Based in the University of Edinburgh .
Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center operated by University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University .
TCHPC Trinity Centre for High Performance Computing .
Based in the University of Dublin .
DCSC Danish Centre for Scientific Computing .
Based at the University of Copenhagen .
How do thermocouples work ?
It is so subtle that it needs a very accurate sensor .
Let me put it in simple way .
Because it is so difficult that we have to explain the basic idea of the Physics and Electrical engineering .
How the thermocouple work ?
It is a very subtle that it needs very accurate sensor .
Electronic engineering is a discipline that investigates all kinds of situations related to electricity and magnetism .
The term electronic engineering started to emerge in the late 1950s .
Fundamental studies of the discipline are the sciences of physics and mathematics as these help to get both qualitative and quantitative descriptions of how such systems will work .
Fundamental objects of discipline are the sciences of physics and mathematics as these help to get both qualitative and quantitative description of how such systems will work .
A retrovirus is any virus which copies itself as part of the cell 's DNA by reverse transcribing its RNA .
HIV is a retrovirus .
A retrovirus is any virus which replicates as part of the cell 's DNA by reverse transcribing its RNA .
HIV is an example of a retrovirus .
These people left Russia at the time of the Russian Revolution or the Russian Civil War .
They left because they did not like the political cliamate at the time .
It is a very political word .
This was used in the people themselves .
Sometimes the word is used very broadly to describe all those who left the countries because of changes in the government .
Many of those who left are still part of the Eastern Orthdox Church .
The church gives them part of their identity .
Sometimes the word is used to describe all those who left the countries because of changes in the government .
These people left Russia at the time of the Russian Revolution or the Russian Civil War .
They left because they did not like the political cliamate at the time .
It is a very political word .
This was used in the people themselves .
Sometimes the word is used very broadly to describe all those who left the countries because of changes in the government .
The church gives them part of their identity .
They were not only ethnic Russians but belonged to other ethnic groups as well .
Berlin and Paris .
Michelle McManus is a Scottish singer and actress .
Her musical albums include The Meaning of Love .
Her songs include All This Time .
In July 2005 it was announced that McManus had parted company with her management company 19 Entertainment a mere 19 months after winning Pop Idol .
She then went on to sign with Sanctuary Entertainment .
In December 2006 she released a successful fitness DVD .
She can currently be heard as the presenter of Let 's Do the Show Right Here on BBC Radio Scotland .
These series are all owned by Disney which owns ABC .
In 1999 it was extended to 5 hours .
Because the resistance does not store electromagnetic energy .
Lorentz 's law defines force that acts on moving charged particles in an electricmagnetic field .
Force consists of magnetic force and electric force .
Lorentz 's law define force that act on moving charged particles in electricmagnetic field .
Force consists of the magnetic force and electric force .
In electromagnetic fields these laws are generalizations of Ohm 's law .
These Kirchhoff 's circuit law are very useful in solving circuit problems .
The first law is Kirchhoff 's current law .
Kirchhoff 's current law is also known as Kirchhoff 's first law and Kirchhoff 's junction law .
This is the same as Kirchhoff 's junction law .
The right picture gives an example .
This Kirchhoff 's first law is that charge is not destroyed or created in a junction point .
Another is Kirchhoff 's voltage law .
Any complex circuit can be divided into many closed circuits .
This law means that in the circuit there is an electric cell and electric resistance .
This Kirchhoff 's second law is based on potential energy preservation law .
In electromagnetics field these laws are action to generalization of ohm 's law .
This Kirchhoff 's circuit law is very useful solving in circuit problem .
One is Kirchhoff 's current law .
This Kirchhoff 's junction law is same .
In junction an electric charge 's sum preservation law is applied .
If the first of the current 's value is i2 and i3 these divides two of current i1 and i4 .
Seeing like right picture .
This Kirchhoff 's first law is that the electron is not disappear or created in junction point .
Another is kirchhoff 's voltage law .
Because any complex circuit is divided in many closed circuit .
This mean that in the circuit there are an electric cell and electric resistance .
This Kirchhoff 's second law is based by energy preservation law .
Microfabrication is made up of the words micro and fabrication .
Micro is a prefix in SI and other systems of units denoting a factor of 10 6 .
So it means very small .
The major concepts and principles of micromanufacturing are laser technology and microlithography .
It operates using the positive pole and a negative plate .
Magnetron operates with a spiral motion .
It operate using the positive pole and a negative plate .
Magnetron opoerate a spiral motion .
It has high frequency .
So It has efficient abillity .
Forensic psychology is a branch of psychology that focuses on how psychology is related to the law .
The main part of forensic psychology is working with the criminal justice system in order to better study the human mind and crime .
A forensic psychologist acts as an expert who uses psychology to study a suspect to see if they were capable of doing the crime in question .
Forensic psychology is a branch from psychology that focuses on how psychology is related to the law .
The main portion of forensic psychology is the criminal justice system working with psychology in order to better study the human mind and crime .
A forensic psychologist acts as an expert who uses psychology to study a suspect and if they were capable to do the crime in question .
A female bachelor is sometimes known as a bachelorette .
A female bachelor is sometimes known as a Bachelorette .
Phengophobia is an unusual fear of .
It is a serious problem that does n't happen very often .
There are ways to help the of the phobia .
Phengophobia is an abnormal fear of daylight .
It is a rare but serious problem .
Sometimes people with the disease get discriminated against and are sometimes called vampires .
The trams are powered using 600V DC delivered by overhead wires and run on standard gauge track .
Melbourne 's trams give a lot to the city 's distinctive character and are loved by the people of Melbourne .
The trams are powered using 600V DC delivered via overhead wires and run on standard gauge track .
Melbourne 's trams contribute greatly to the city 's distinctive character and are held in great affection by the people of Melbourne .
The sport has become more well known since then .
Rubingh made the rules so a round of boxing would come after a round of boxing .
The sport has become more popular since then .
Rubingh instead started making a round of chess followed by a round of boxing .
The first world championship was held in Amsterdam in 2003 and was won by Iepe Rubingh himself .
The Transpressionist artist redefines this reality with the help of mystical insights .
Such insights are presented to the viewers by the help of artistic sensitivities .
These visions are presented as mysterious and wonderful forms .
The artist interprets mysterious concepts of these stories using humanistic values .
The artist 's role in this movement is to inspire the creative imagination of the observer .
Love is viewed as the fundamental principle .
The aim is to restore the human hope .
The Transpressionist artist redefines this reality with the help of mystical insights and are exposed by the artistic sensitivities .
These visions are presented as mysterious and wonderful .
The artist interprets humanistic values with the aid of mysterious concepts .
The artist 's role is to inspire the creative imagination of the observer .
Love is the fundamental principle .
These works of art are made to restore the human hope .
The artist interprets mysterious symbols of these stories using humanistic criteria .
The artist interprets mysterious concepts of these stories using humanistic values .
Wellington is the center of rich farm land .
Lucerne and vegetables are grown on land beside the river .
The town acts as a business center for the district .
A Probation and Parole Office was also opened in the center of town .
Wellington Council hopes this will increase the number of jobs and bring visitors to the town .
The closest commercial airport is at Dubbo .
There are regular daily flights from Sydney .
Its holds three and a half times more water than Sydney Harbour .
Its water is used for farming .
The Wellington Caves are millions of years old .
The main cave is Cathedral Cave with the massive Altar Rock .
The Nangara Gallery has a collection of Aboriginal objects .
The first European to visit the area was Hamilton Hume in 1821 .
However farmers settled in the area before the law changed to allow settlement in 1839 .
It was an important stop on the way for people going to look for gold at Lambing Flat .
He went to the primary school in Binalong but later went to boarding school in Sydney .
He only came home in the holidays .
The grave of John Gilbert is near the town in the field where the police kept their horses .
The first railway station opened in 1875 .
The first Europeans to visit the area was Hamilton Hume in 1821 .
It was an important stop on the way to the goldfields at Lambing Flat .
He went to the primary school in Binalong but later went to boarding school in Sydney only coming home in the holidays .
The grave of John Gilbert is near the town in the old police paddock .
The original railway station opened in 1875 .
Shut Up and Let Me Go is a bad song .
The sender does precoding of the data so as to cancel the effect of the interference .
A dirty paper code is a way for the writer to adapt his message to the dirt already on the paper .
The writer and the reader agree ahead of time on which dirty paper code they will use for the messages .
The dirty paper story can be seen as a parable for wireless communication .
The limited amount of power at the radio transmitter is analogous to the limited amount of ink .
The other messages the transmitter is simultaneously sending are analogous to the dirt is already on the paper .
The cover work to be watermarked is analogous to the dirty paper .
Changes that happen during normal processing or malicious tampering are analogous to dirt added after the message is written .
The person who tries to detect the watermark in the watermarked work is analogous to the reader .
The technique consists of precoding the data so as to cancel the effect of the interference .
As he got older he changed his style and wrote more Romantic music in the style of English composer Edward Elgar .
He went to school at Rugby .
He went to Cambridge University where he studied with Irish composer Charles Wood .
Wood also taught the composer Ralph Vaughan Williams .
Bliss got to know Elgar whose music influenced him very much .
For a short time he learned music from Charles Villiers Stanford at the Royal College of Music .
After the war he started to play his music in public .
This was written to remember those who were killed in World War I.
He got to know Elgar whose music influenced him very much .
For a short time he learned from Charles Villiers Stanford at the Royal College of Music .
After the war he started to perform his music .
Marais often conducted the operas Lully had written .
Marais was hired as a musician in 1676 to play at the royal court of Versailles .
He did quite well as court musician .
He was a master of the basse de viol .
Most of the pieces in the book are suites with basso continuo .
He was hired as a musician in 1676 to the royal court of Versailles .
Eventually the man comes out of it happily and the music finishes with a gracious and natural chaconne .
Petersfield is a historic market town in the south downs .
It is a lovely place to live .
Central means the center of something .
Central mean the center of something .
A claim that invisible and undetectable unicorns live at the north pole is not falsifiable .
UTC is the standard time zone of the world .
Timezones are often named by how many hours they are different from UTC time .
The map shows the time zone .
Balaenoptera omurai is a species of whale .
Almost nothing is known about it .
It does not have a common name .
Balaenoptera omurai is a species of whale about which almost nothing is known .
It lacks a common name .
Lowland varieties usually require high temperature and humidity levels .
Many species of Nepenthes produce two different forms of pitchers .
Lowland varieties usually prefer continuous high temperature and humidity levels .
Many species of Nepenthes produce two distinct forms of pitchers .
Tramway tracks are used on tramways or light railways .
Tramway track is used on tramways or light railways .
There are many ways to start a new page .
Normally there is no reason to make a page without first making a red link to it .
You can use the wiki 's URL for making a new page .
Do n't forget to setup redirects when you make a page .
There are several ways to start a new page .
Normally there is no reason to create a page without first creating a red link to it .
You can use the wiki 's URL for creating a new page .
Do n't forget to setup redirects when you create a page .
It is six miles south of Chesterfield .
It is the former Roman road Ryknield Street .
These were on British Railway 's Western Region for suburban work out of London Paddington .
The book says that the main parts of the nuclear power debate are not technical disputes but relate to personal values .
Lovins and Price say that these two different sets of personal values lead to two very different policy paths relating to future energy supplies .
Lovins and Price suggest that these two different sets of personal values lead to two very different policy paths relating to future energy supplies .
They say that using clean technologies is a profitable enterprise that is moving steadily into mainstream business .
Clean technologies are seen to be the next driver of economic growth .
The authors suggest that oil dependence is a problem we need no longer have .
The book is asks questions about of some beliefs about nature of science and the method used by scientists to do science .
The authors shows examples that have to do with how scientific research is done .
It talks about making up results and making up of whole experiments .
The book is a critique of some widely held beliefs about the nature of science and the scientific method .
The book is asks questions about of some beliefs about what science is and the method used by scientists to do science .
The book is asks questions about of some beliefs about nature of science and the method used by scientists to do science .
Many conspiracy theories say that certain historical events were actually caused by such conspirators .
They were built for British Rail between 1989 and 1992 by BREL at their Derby Works .
Class 159 trains are almost the same as Class 158s .
Class 159 trains are almost identical to Class 158s having been converted from Class 158 to Class 159 in two batches .
He is the founder of the Worldwatch Institute and founder and president of the Earth Policy Institute .
Gbangbatoke is a small town in southern Sierra Leone .
It is in the Moyamba District .
The people of Gbangbatoke are mainly from the Mende ethnic group .
The Mende language is the main language .
Gbangbatoke is a small town in Moyamba District in the Southern province of Sierra Leone .
The population of Gbangbatoke is predominantly from the Mende people ethnic group and the Mende language is widely spoken .
The British Rail Class 303 is a type of electric multiple unit .
They are also known as Blue Train units .
They were introduced in 1960 for the electrification of the North Clyde and the Cathcart Circle lines in Strathclyde .
At first they were classified as AM3 units before the introduction of the TOPS classification system .
They were the dominant EMU on the Glasgow suburban railway network for over 25 years .
The British Rail Class 304 is a type of electric multiple unit .
They were at first classed as AM4 units and later became Class 304 under the TOPS numbering system .
They could be found in operation over most of the southern West Coast Main Line .
Ka and Ba the two parts of the soul believed in Egyptian Mythology combine to be Nehebkau .
Shown as a snake with two heads .
Ka is one of the five parts of the Egyptian idea of the soul .
The Ka was the life force and left the body during death .
The Egyptians believed that at death the Ba and the Ka join together through Nehebkau before entering Duat .
One of the five parts of the Egyptian idea of the soul .
The Ka was thought of as the life force and left the body during death .
Egyptian Mythology believes that at death the Ba and the Ka unite through Nehebkau before entering Duat .
Ba is one of the five parts of the spirit in Egyptian mythology .
Ba is considered to be the soul .
The Ba was pictured as a bird that flew from the body to join with the Ka at death .
The Ba was shown as a bird that flew from the body to unite with the Ka at death .
The order Falconiformes is a group of about 290 species of birds that include the diurnal birds of prey .
All have nidicolous young and biparental care .
The population was 854 at the 2000 census .
Teller is a city in Nevada .
Teller is a city in Alaska .
The Blue Whale is bigger at 30 metres but is a mammal not a fish .
Leedsichthys fossils are incomplete making it impossible to know the exact length .
This has made it difficult to estimate its length .
This gas has no color .
Phosgene is an strong poison as the smell may not be noticed and signs may be slow to be noticed .
This will make breathing very hard .
Badges are worn by those at risk of exposure .
Sodium bicarbonate may be used to make harmless spills of phosgene .
Gas spills may be made harmless with a special liquid spray .
Phosgene is an insidious poison as the odor may not be noticed and symptoms may be slow to appear .
Phosgene detection badges are worn by those at risk of exposure .
Sodium bicarbonate may be used to neutralise liquid spills of phosgene .
Gaseous spills may be mitigated with ammonia .
It is used for organic synthesis .
They are given off from the breakdown of chlorinated compounds .
Large amounts are also used to produce polycarbonates .
They can be found in lenses in eye glasses .
This amount is four times the safe amount .
Its high ability to poison does n't come from the hydrogen chloride released by a process .
It comes from the action of the phosgene on the proteins in the pulmonary sac of the lungs .
The sacs are where the oxygen goes into the body .
Their damage makes it hard for the blood and air move oxygen and carbon .
Sodium bicarbonate may be used to make spills of phosgene harmless .
The gas was used as a weapon during World War I and is responsible for most of the deaths related to poison gas during the war .
Sodium bicarbonate may be used to make harmless spills of phosgene .
The color cerise represents partying and glamor .
TCP also helps to control traffic on the internet so it does n't get overloaded .
It does this using packets .
Routers on the internet use something called load balancing to try to fix some of these problems .
TCP is designed to find all of these problems and try to fix them .
IP works by exchanging pieces of information called packets .
A packet is a sequence of bytes and consists of a header followed by a body .
The body contains the data which IP is transmitting .
They became a mendicant order in 1221 .
The Franciscans are also known as the Friars Minor or the Grey Friars .
The Carmelites are also known as the White Friars because of the white cloak which covers their brown habit .
They received papal approval from Honorius III in 1226 and later by Innocent IV in 1247 .
Their rule is based on the writings of Augustine of Hippo .
REDIRECTSimple English Wikipedia is smacked by Duke Nukem 's Mighty Foot .
This means that the view of memory is coherent .
There can only be one write to a certain location in memory at a time .
A read made by a processor P1 to location X that follows a write by another processor P2 to X must return the written value made by P2 if no other writes to X made by any processor occur between the two accesses .
This condition defines the concept of coherent view of memory .
Writes to the same location must be sequenced .
Marshall drank some of the bacteria and soon developed gastritis with achlorhydria .
His wife made him take antibiotics immediately so there was no way of checking the negative result again .
Marshall drank someof the bacteria and soon developed gastritis with achlorhydria .
The challenge is to support biofuel development with good policies and economic instruments to help ensure that biofuel commercialization is sustainable .
Biofuels are liquid fuels from plant materials .
Biofuels offer the prospect of oil price moderation .
But the use of biofuels needs to be sustainable .
The challenge is to support biofuel development with good policies and economic instruments to help ensure that biofuel commercialization is sustainable .
Biofuels offer the prospect of increased market competition and oil price moderation .
Using transportation fuels more efficiently is also an integral part of a sustainable transport strategy .
They offer the prospect of oil price moderation .
There are many biofuel options which are available .
Biofuels offer the prospect of oil price moderation .
Biofuel development and use is a complex issue because there are many biofuel options which are available .
Several important changes to the character 's personality were made .
Several radical changes to the character 's personality were made .
This was at the time of the 2000 census .
Their leader was Peter Stephens .
He arrived from Pennsylvania in 1732 .
The town was almost burned by Union forces during the Civil War .
This was when Union forces were attacked by Newtown residents .
The town was again renamed Stephens City in 1880 .
This occurred after a row with the United States Postal Service .
The town was almost burned by Union forces during the Civil War when Union forces were attacked by Newtown residents .
The town was again renamed Stephens City in 1880 after a row with the United States Postal Service .
The town today is place of a bustling throughfare with Interstate 81 and US Route 11 .
He came from Pennsylvania in 1732 .
He arrived from Pennsylvania in 1732 .
This happened after a row with the United States Postal Service .
The center of the town is known by the National Register of Historic Places .
This occurred after a row with the United States Postal Service .
The center of the town is recognized by the National Register of Historic Places .
The land was set out in at first .
REDIRECTSimple English Wikipedia is smacked by Duke Nukem 's Mighty Foot .
Lisle is a city in the state of Illinois in the United States .
Lisle is a city of Illinois in the United States .
Princeton is a city of the state of Indiana in the United States .
Princeton is a city of Indiana in the United States .
The most common usage of the name is for the European species .
These moths have many unusual features .
All three species have the ability to make a loud squeak if irritated .
They are able to move about in hives unhurt because they mimic the scent of the bees .
None of the three species forced to us a single family of host plant .
This moth was used in the movie The Silence of the Lambs .
All three species can make a loud squeak if irritated .
None of the three species are forced to use a single family of host plant .
All three species have the ability to make a loud squeak if irritated .
None of the three species are forced to us a single family of host plant .
They are included in the family of Megapodiidae .
They may build a pile of rotting vegetables as an incubator for their eggs .
Animal is difficult to see .
It looks like its background .
He saw how some harmless butterflies looked like other species which were toxic to eat .
Animals which taste disgusting often use warning colouration so predators will not eat them .
Animals with warning signals are avoided .
Predators quickly learn after a bad experience not to pursue the same prey again .
Some species use similar warning colouration and look like each other .
Both species benefit from a common pattern .
Only one learning experience per predator would be enough to deter it from eating both species .
The weeds that survive pass on their genes .
Similar species which use warning colouration become like each other .
The genes of the better mimics become more common in the species .
Rye was originally just a weed growing with wheat and barley .
Weeding made it like the crop .
JPG Two flatfish blend in !
The genes of the better mimics therefore increase in the species .
JPG Two flatfish blending in !
This behavior is almost always instinctual .
Both camouflage and mimicry work best when a predator is searching at a distance .
Either one or both are protected when a third species can not tell them apart .
Mimicry happens in both animal and plant species .
Mimicry evolves because the species that are better at mimicking survive to produce more offspring than the species that are worse at mimicking .
Both camouflage and mimicry work best when a is searching from far away .
Not all animals use camouflage because there are situations where it is good to show themselves off .
Mimicry in biology occurs when a species has features similar to another .
Either one or both get protection when a third species can not tell them apart .
Mimicry occurs in both animal and plant species .
Mimicry evolves because the better mimics survive to produce more offspring than the less good mimics .
Both camouflage and mimicry work best when a is searching at a distance .
REDIRECTSimple English Wikipedia is smacked by Duke Nukem 's Mighty Foot .
It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
It is in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France .
There are many different styles of slide rules .
These scales are used for mathematical computations .
William Oughtred and others developed the slide rule in the 1600s .
The slide rule is based on the work on logarithms by John Napier .
Slide rules manufactured for specialized fields such as aviation or finance typically feature additional scales that aid in calculations common to that field .
William Oughtred and others developed the slide rule in the 1600s based on the emerging work on logarithms by John Napier .
Also can be a slang term for a stupid person who follows other people 's commands .
Also can be a slang term for a very moronic or easily submissive person .
People used better materials and made more and more useful tools .
Very basic things like knives and pens and pencils are also tools .
More useful materials were used and better tools were created .
Very basic things like knives and pens and pencils are tools .
These creations and inventions became modern tools .
Tools have changed over time .
Some have pinkish on the outer edge of both wings .
Some have pinkish borders on the outer edge of both wings .
They only live for about one week .
Wild Syrian hamsters are hamsters which live in the wild in Syria .
Until 2003 the software has been created by the japanese company ASCII .
Until 2003 it has been created by the japanese company ASCII .
Until 2003 the program has been created by the japanese company ASCII .
Until 2003 the software has been created by the japanese company ASCII .
REDIRECTSimple English Wikipedia is smacked by Duke Nukem 's Mighty Foot .
The Acanthocephala were thought to be a separate phylum .
Recent genome analysis has shown that they are closely related to rotifers .
The Acanthocephala were thought to be a discrete phylum .
It is a national monument and landmark in Romania .
This is the reason for its common name bumblebee bat .
Gatwick Express is the name of a train that runs between Victoria station in London and Gatwick Airport in South East England .
It is fast because it does not stop at other stations .
The train comes every 30 minutes .
Gatwick Express is the name given to the frequent rail shuttle service between Victoria station in London and Gatwick Airport in South East England .
Network Rail engineers use this information to decide which tracks to work on .
The NMT is converted from High Speed Train Class 43 power cars and Mark 3 coaches .
It can check the condition of all main lines in Great Britain in two weeks .
It is converted from High Speed Train Class 43 power cars and Mark 3 coaches .
It can check the condition of all main lines in Great Britain in a fortnight .
It carries people from Singapore to 5 continents in the world .
It is a major airline in Southeast Asia as well as on the Kangaroo Route from Australia to the UK .
The company was the first airline to buy the Airbus A380 superjumbo .
Singapore Airlines was given Airline of the Year by Skytrax in 2008 .
It provides passenger services from Singapore to five continents in the world .
It holds a strong presence in Southeast Asia as well as the Kangaroo Route market between Australia and the UK .
It is illegal for a boat to touch any mark on the race course .
I love Gwen Stefani !
The slightly venomous but generally harmless snake came north to Guam and killed almost the entire bird population on the previously snake free island .
So Happy Together was available on an exclusive sneak peak DVD included with the SpongeBob 's Atlantis SquarePantis DVD before the show premiered .
So Happy Together was available on an exclusive sneak peak DVD included with the SpongeBob 's Atlantis SquarePantis DVD before the show even premiered .
Microsoft Office 2010 is the next version of Microsoft office which is to include web versions of the office programs .
Microsoft is currently testing alpha versions but a public beta will be released on May 2009 and the final release will be made at the end of 2009 .
A new feature in Microsoft Office 2010 is the Social Connector .
Upcoming appointments can also be viewed with this new feature and users can request friends .
The version number 13 was skipped because of the aversion to the number 13 .
In a concerted effort to help customers and partners with deployment of Office 2010 Microsoft had launched an Office 2010 application compatibility program with tools and guidance available for immediate download .
It has been leaked to torrent sites .
Microsoft has planned to release Office 2010 to manufacturing during April 2010 .
Office 2010 Starter edition is to replace Microsoft Works .
The web apps will allow sharing and collaboration of documents and files and also feature user interfaces similar to their desktop counterparts .
The office suite for Windows Mobile by Microsoft will also be updated together with Office 2010 .
Microsoft has announced that the Mac OS X version will also be released in 2010 .
Microsoft Office 2011 for Mac will include more robust enterprise support and greater feature parity with the Windows edition .
There is no public beta for the Mac version .
And natural ways to treat male yeast infections .
I love male gentile .
The disease is cause by any of the Candida species of yeast .
Candida albicans is the most common species .
It can also occur on the penis or scrotum .
It could become systemic .
Candidiasis can also occur on the penis or scrotum .
At this time no storms have formed within the Atlantic Ocean basin .
The most recent occurrence of no storms in June or July 2004 .
The most recent occurrence of no storms in June or July was in 2000 and 2004 .
A few days later as the storm was still headed for the Leeward Islands it weakened to a tropical depression .
A few days later as the storm was still headed for the Leeward Islands and weakened to a tropical depression .
Tropical Storm Fred is almost a hurricane and it is very likely that it will become a hurricane .
Tropical Storm Fred is almost a hurricane and is very likely to become a hurricane .
Oral candidiasis is an infection of yeast fungus in the mucous membranes of the mouth .
People with fresh oral piercings coming into regular contact with yeast .
People with fresh oral piercings coming in regular contact with yeast .
It was built in 1924 for the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Some parts of the first Rocky movie were made there .
Some scenes in the first Rocky movie were filmed at the venue .
Some scenes from the movie Rocky were filmed there .
Some scenes of the Rocky movie were filmed there .
That is a postdoctorate degree .
A fire drill is an exercise which happens in schools and buildings .
A fire alarm goes off and the building is evacuated .
The school 's register would be taken .
Theese are called faulse alarms where the building is evacuated for no reason .
They should be tested termly .
Sometimes the fire alarm makes people jump because they are either not used to loud noises or they do n't know what time the drill would be .
Jet lag is a condition of being confused or tired when people travel to a different time zone .
Some people suffer from jet lag more than other people do .
Traveling eastward is more likely to cause jet leg than westward .
Jet lag can have several symptoms .
Sufferers can use caffeine or sleeping pills as a way of treatment .
The hormone melatonin is said to help people sleep .
Jet lag is a condition of being confused or tired when people travel to other counties in different time zone .
Suffering of jet lag varies among people .
There are various symptoms of jet lag .
Sufferers can use caffeinated tea or sleeping pills as a way of treatment .
Drinking coffee in the morning when going westward and in the afternoon when going eastward is helpful .
Jet lag is when people are confused or tired when they travel to a different time zone .
It happens because of the time difference between two places .
Traveling east is more likely to cause jet leg than traveling west .
Jet lag is a condition of being confused or tired when people travel to a different time zone .
It results from the time difference between two places .
Traveling eastward is more likely to cause jet leg than westward .
This will be the longest track in Asia .
The main purpose of this track is the F1 Challenge which will be held for 7 years from 2010 .
It will also be used for local races .
The track has two parts .
The track has 19 corners and the first 3 corners are hoped to have lots of overtaking .
The 17th corner is the fastest corner with a 130 meter radius .
The Race control building and Team buildings are planned in the same style as the grand stand .
The buildings will fit in well together .
There is also a marina along the 17th corner so some people will be able to see the races from their boats .
The main feature of the circuit is that it has two parts .
The 17th corner is the fastest corner with 130 meter radius .
Race control building and Team buildings are designed in the same theme as the grand stand so the building will show an harmonized view .
There are Pit and Paddock for both permanent and temporary parts so F1 teams will be using their own .
There is also a marina along the 17th corner so some spectors will be able to see the races on the yacht .
The virus was made to be sent in an email with an attachment that carried the virus .
The virus came with a package that would spam the SCO Group website .
SCO had caused controversy within the Linux community for getting copyrights in some of the open source software .
B was found on January 28 .
This was the third time Mircosoft offered a reward for catching a virus creator .
Mydoom caused many problems during its lifespan in 2004 .
The virus was designed to be sent in an email with an attachment that carried the virus .
SCO had caused controversy within the Linux community for claiming copyrights in some of the open source software .
B was discovered on January 28 .
This was the third time Mircosoft offered a reward for the capture of a virus creator .
Mydoom caused many problems during it 's lifespan in 2004 .
There is often thrush with this sickness .
There is often thrush with this infection .
In the jazz piano trio the three musicians were more free than ever before to add to free improvization .
This type of band reached its most popular in the early 1960s with the trio of Scott Lafaro on the bass .
He made many albums in his career but died at the age of 52 .
He was famous to other pianists for developing the use of close clusters of chords in his left hand while playing on his right hand very much the way instrumentalists play a horn or a sax .
This trio format reached its zenith in the early 1960s with the trio of Scott Lafaro on the bass .
He produced many albums over the coarse of his career but died at the age of 52 .
It was very bad !
It was very bad !
The Sobig worm was a large emailing worm that sent itself to any email addresses with file file extensions like .
Their name came from the old sayings of the Native Americans .
Their name originated from the ancient prophecies of the Native Americans .
There are a lot of stories and legends told about Captain Moonlight .
He began work with the church in the Bacchus Marsh area .
They let all the other prisoners out of their cells .
They stood on each others backs and shoulders to get to the top of the gaol wall .
It is kept in the National Libary of Australia and can be seen online .
There are many stories and legends told about Captain Moonlight .
He began work as a reader in the Bacchus Marsh parish .
From there he went around the parish visiting people and doing church work .
They released other prisoners and stood on each others backs and shoulders to get to the top of the gaol wall .
It is kept in the National Libary of Asutralia and can be seen online .
It is very similar to a simple music box where the pins pluck a metal harp .
Barrel organs come in many different sizes from hand carried ones to large sizes carried on a wagon or trailer .
Even a small hand carried organ could play six or eight tunes .
A barrel organ plays using a revolving barrel with preset notes determined by an arrangement of pins .
Anyone who has examined a wind up music box should understand the concept of a revolving barrel plucking notes .
He occasionally collaborated with Sean Lennon .
It was invented in 1656 by Christiaan Huygens .
This is what caused it to be used by a lot of people all over the place .
Bibimbap is one of the most famous Korean traditional dish .
There are some theories or stories about the origin of bibimbap .
It says that bibimbap was served as a light meal whenever the king wants something to eat .
There are some good points about Bibimbap .
Bibimbab is one of the most famous Korean traditional dish .
There are some theories or stories about the origin of Bibimbab .
It says that Bibimbab was served as a light meal whenever the king wants something to eat .
There are some good points of Bibimbab .
Second it is easy to prepare and clean up because it is all packed in one bowl .
This can be appropriate for busy people of these days .
It is hugely controversial .
Critics of the plan say that this canal is not efficient at all .
They say that mountains along the proposed route would make it difficult and expensive to construct .
Critics believe this plan would just be a waste of money .
They argue that this money could be used to fund the construction of the canals .
It is on huge controversy .
Protesters assert that this canal is not efficient at all .
But GyeongBu Canal will take 25hours to finish the trip .
So protesters think this plan is just a waste of money .
And it also destroys environment and cultural treasure .
But Protesters refute this idea that sand price will become so cheap and so no benefit at all .
Many of its ATM 's would not work for consumers .
Many of it 's ATM 's would not work for consumers .
He is now playing for Daegu FC .
That game was against Iraq .
It was his first game for the National Team .
He is Korean football player .
Some IRCd support IPv6 .
This allows people to talk to each other on the Internet .
This gives people the ability to talk to each other on the Internet .
But now it means any any IRC server program .
But now it means any any IRC daemon .
It is a server software that uses the IRC protocol .
Mudskippers are a type of fish .
Most in these habitats survive the tide going out by hiding under wet seaweed or in tidal pools .
These are places where the tide of the ocean comes in and out .
Most fish that live in these habitats hide under wet seaweed or in tidal pools to not get pulled away when the tide goes out .
Mudskippers are active when they are out of the water .
They eat and interact with each other .
Most in these habitats survive the tide going out by hiding under wet seaweed or in tidal pools .
They have made many adaptations to live on the land .
They can only do this when they are wet .
They also have to keep their skin wet .
This way of breathing is like how amphibians breathe .
It is known as cutaneous air breathing .
Another important adaptation that helps breathing while out of the water are their enlarged gill chambers .
They keep a bubble of air there .
These large gill chambers close tightly when the fish is above water .
This keeps the gills moist and lets them to function .
They act like a scuba diver 's cylinders .
They give oxygen for breathing also while on land .
They can also ocean predators during the high tide when the fish and burrow are underwater .
They also lay their eggs in these burrows .
This lets them to breathe where there is little oxygen in the water .
There are eighteen different types .
The genus Periophthalmus is by far the most diverse and widespread genus of mudskipper .
Eighteen species have been described .
A return statement is the information that part of a computer program gives to another part .
A return statement is the information that part of a program gives to another part .
The game is set during World War II and is the fifth game in the popular Call of Duty series .
The game is based on an enhanced version of the Call of Duty 4 game engine developed by Infinity Ward with increased development on audio and visual effects .
It is told from the perspectives of Marine Raider Private Miller and Red Army soldier Private Dimitri Petrenko and is based on several historical battles .
The gameplay of World at War shares several features with previous iterations of the franchise .
Weapons from fallen foes can be picked up to replace weapons in a player 's arsenal .
World at War includes a similar multiplayer experience to that which was established in ' .
The player first assumes the role of Private Miller of the United States Marine Corps ' 1st Division in the Pacific campaign .
Sullivan died during the campaign and either Polonsky or Roebuck die depending on the player 's actions .
This character is not available in the Wii version .
Miller acquires a flamethrower and bazooka during the mission .
After that they run and jump into the river .
The following mission campaign returns to Eastern Europe .
Upon arrival they engage German soldiers in buildings and in the streets .
Miller and his crew make a ground assault on Okinawa after the aircraft mission .
Miller kills Japanese crew around mortars and the courtyards .
Chernov is seriously burnt by a German using a flamethrower .
After that Dimitri plants the Soviet flag atop the roof .
Kiefer Sutherland and Gary Oldman were cast as voice actors for the game .
The other technology of Flux was also developed using field recording systems .
The World at War crew traveled to a desert with mountains on both side of the range to test the frequencies of sounds made by World War II weapons .
Microphones were placed behind and 60 yards in front of the gun to test the echoes .
This was later replicated and developed in the studio for the game software .
The flux system also combines with the occlusion system .
This edition of the game is only available for the Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360 platforms .
The map pack includes three new multiplayer maps and one new Nazi Zombies map .
Players can reach and turn on a power generator that reunites both sides and enables perk machines .
The Knee Deep map is in the jungle of Peleliu and contains fortified huts and streams .
Station is located in a ruined underground train station in Berlin featuring subway cars and hidden passages .
Map Pack 2 contains an additional four multiplayer maps .
This DLC also consists of three new multiplayer maps and a new Nazi Zombies map .
There is also a tank mode which allows the player to turn the main gun and fire machine gun rounds at the same time .
It goes in and around his missions from World at War .
His missions are in Luxembourg and Austria .
Tom Sharpe of the British 6th Airborne .
The tank mission is from the perspective of a tank gunner named Alex.
IGN applauded the developer Treyarch for its decision to stage World at War in the Pacific theater of World War II .
Scientists think it is caused by a build up of too much Iron in the brain .
The effects of the disease usually start at a young age and often result in a quick death .
Hallervorden Spatz disease is a rare condition primarily characterized by extrapyramidal symptoms and dementia .
A daguerreotype is an old way to do photography .
A daguerreotype is an old method of photography .
Ismael then got faster as it moved to the northwest .
Ismael then sped up as it moved to the northwest .
The hurricane also ruined 107 schools .
The hurricane also wrecked 107 schools .
Storms can form outside these dates .
This season had low activity with only 8 storms .
Four became hurricanes and 1 became a major hurricane .
This season had low activity with only 8 storms and four became hurricanes and 1 became a major hurricane .
Prognosis is normally poor and death usually occurs within a few years after onset .
They used it to fight against one or more opponents with or without weapons .
The best way to win from your enemy was to throw him or pin him down .
They did this by using the energy of the opponent against him .
Modern Jujutsu does not look the same as Jujutsu from hundreds of years ago but the idea is still the same .
He played for Italy 's national team .
He has played for Italy national team .
They played an important role in the Irish fight for independence from Britan .
This helped stage the 1916 Easter Rising .
The IRB was started at the same time in Dublin and New York in 1858 .
It was started by a number of men who had been connected with the 1848 rebellion in Ireland .
They were a very organization .
They believed the only way to get freedom for Ireland was by using force .
They played an important role in the Irish fight for independence from Britan and helped stage the 1916 Easter Rising .
The IRB was founded at the same time in Dublin and New York in 1858 by a number of men who had been connected with the 1848 rebellion in Ireland .
They were a very secretive organization .
They believed the only way to get freedom for Ireland was by armed revolution .
Sometimes it is necessary to have some links in your wiki to be opened in another window leaving the current window as is .
Sometimes it becomes necessary to have certain links in your wiki to be opened in an external windows leaving the current window as is .
If i have please feel free to delete this page .
Tick the namespaces you want for the search .
This can be done by selecting and deselecting boxes in the search section of user settings .
Tick the namespaces you require for this search .
This can be done by selecting and deselecting boxes in the search section of user preferences .
There are three options .
There are three default options .
Please note that striking signatures are often disliked by other users .
You can click the preview lionk to the right of each shin 's name to see how it looks before selecting and saving .
Please be reminded that this change may not be seen on all windows or tabs you have open for Wikipedia .
You may also do so by using your browser 's purging shortcuts .
You may see a message of advice reminding you to purge your cache as well .
Clicking on the link in the upper right while logged in then click on the Skin button to change your skin .
Special pages are pages that are made by the software on demand .
Such a link is often found in the on the left hand panel .
Special pages are pages that are created by the software on demand .
Such a link is often accessible in the on the left hand panel .
Must be entered last .
Extra spaces in the cells in the wiki markup can be added .
The wiki markup below has extra spaces to make the wiki markup look more like a table .
The extra spaces do not affect the table display .
This does not scale well for longer cell content such as paragraphs .
HTML attributes can be added to tables on this page but have been left out of the following example for simplicity .
Attributes are control codes that define how the table and its data will display .
Placing attributes after the table start tag applies attributes to the entire table .
Attributes can be placed on individual cells .
You can put attributes on individual cells .
CSS style attributes may be used to define how the table and its data will display .
CSS style attributes can be added with or without other HTML attributes .
This means that it goes up the plant through the stem .
Many are made from plant sap .
One of them is maple syrup .
Maple syrup is made using sap from sugar maple trees .
Many products are made from plant sap .
He has left and returned to Bad Religion twice and is still with the band today .
Manila Bulletin Online .
The Philippine Star .
The Manila Bulletin Online .
The Philippine Star .
The Manila Bulletin Online .
Executive Summary of the 1999 Annual Audit Report on the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila .
The Commission on Audit Official Website .
It also holds the distinction of being the first Philippine institution of higher learning to have its official name in Filipino .
The Philippine Daily Inquirer .
The administration is in the process of building a university system embracing all the districts in the capital city as well as to include a science and technology institute and a polytechnic school on extension campuses .
The Philippine Star .
The Philippines ' Commission on Higher Education has considered PLM as a model for public institutions across the country .
A study using cumulative data from 1999 to 2003 showed that during the said period PLM was among the top five schools nationwide in terms of board exam passing rate .
The Philippine Star .
Manila opening 3 new district colleges .
The Manila Bulletin Online .
September 2002 .
The Manila Bulletin Online .
On hallowed ground .
The Philippine Daily Inquirer .
The city government spends about four to five times the national average per student at the PLM .
The buget allocation for PLM steadily increased over the years .
The Manila Times Internet Edition .
The city government intends to make the City of Manila as the national center of education .
On hallowed ground .
The Philippine Daily Inquirer .
The PLM Main Campus at Intramuros will soon be dedicated to graduate studies and research .
PLM Supports Lim 's Agenda .
The Manila Times Internet Edition .
Regaining Intramuros from the national government also figures in the expansion plans of the PLM .
The Manila Bulletin Online .
August 2003 .
The Official Website of the Republic of the Philippines .
Websites such as Manila Board regarded that PLM is one of leading and prime public universities in the country today .
The Manila Times Internet Edition .
There are no set methods for ranking institutions in the Philippines .
The PRC and CHED sometimes publish reports on these results .
Xavier University Cagayan beats UP in State Tests Average .
Philippine Headline News Online .
Philippine Schools Directory Online .
The administration also believes that these rankings say nothing or very little about whether students are actually learning at particular colleges or universities .
Mayor Atienza and PLM .
Manila Bulletin Online .
The Official Website of the Republic of the Philippines .
The Manila Bulletin Online .
Philippine Journal of Nursing .
July 1977 .
September 2002 .
Intramuros Consortium holds research confab .
Letran News .
The Department of Science and Technology Website .
August 2003Chan Robles Virtual Law Library .
The Manila Times Internet Edition .
PLM 35th year observed .
The Manila Bulletin Online .
Primitivo de Leon as its secretary .
Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila Geocities site .
History of Integrated Midwives Association of the Philippines .
The DCHS is now a vital component of the PLM Open University .
Many changes took place that eventually ushered in a new era for the university .
This period saw a surge in funds devoted for the university 's physical development .
The university fortified its research capabilities by establishing a number of research units and consortium agreements with other institutions to guide its academic research initiatives .
Manila opening 3 new district colleges .
The Manila Bulletin Online .
Texting and Open Universities .
Owl Institute Open Educational Resources .
House of Representatives of the Philippines .
There is also a proposal of setting up a hotel in a property owned by the city government .
Opposition spokesman Adel Tamano installed as PLM President .
The Philippine Daily Inquirer .
Philippine Daily Inquirer .
Through the leadership of Atty .
GMA News .
Classes in 3 buildings at PLM campus suspended due to fire .
Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila .
The Intramuros website .
Garotech Publishing .
Manila High School Alumni Portal .
It is considered as the Filipino term for University .
PLM is the first educational institution to have used the term as part of its official name .
The central disk is divided into four equal parts .
The yellow stripe takes the top and the bottom quarters of the flag and the red takes up half of the space at the middle where the Great Seal of the PLM appears .
The flag is usually seen during the Parade of Colors along with the Philippine Flag in official events and special occasions .
September 2002 .
Summer courses are offered in selected courses only .
August 2003 .
The different academic divisions offer degree programs based on the curricula proposed by the PLM faculty .
Consultations with the business or industry engaged in the particular field or study are also sought .
Other management courses have also been integrated with emphasis on ethics to ensure that PLM graduates are steep with sound values and adhere to the highest ethical standards necessary in their chosen careers .
Each academic division at PLM has its own admission policy and retention criteria for prospective students .
Admission to one academic division does not guarantee admission to another .
Academic screening continues from admission until graduation .
PLM receives thousands of applications from all over the Philippines every year .
This is also a way of upholding the university 's life purpose and mission .
Each professional and graduate school has its own specified guidelines and criteria for admission .
Fruit bearing PLM scholarship from Toronto .
Philippine Daily Inquirer .
The Warning status was removed and students who fail to meet the criteria of GS are automatically given the Probationary status .
Probationary students may regain their GS status immediately after a semester of satisfactory performance .
Every college has imposed its own retention criteria .
Any student may shift from one college to another during the second semester but must satisfy the specific criteria of the degree program and be able to finish the program within the prescribed time frame .
This has been ascribed to the University 's student selectivity and retention policy .
Philippine school rank in terms of student population .
PLM Bulletin of Information 2005 .
Manila Standard Today .
Students of the PLM have access to a variety of activities while not attending class .
Fraternities and sororities play a role in the university 's social life .
Manila Bulletin Online .
The University sponsors and implements a comprehensive student services program coordinated by the Office of Student Affairs .
Magwayen Creative Scholars ' Guild is the pioneer theater arts group of PLM created in 1998 .
The PLM Activity Center is a venue for many events .
Homecoming coincides with various festivities to draw past students back to campus .
Manila Bulletin Online .
Concerts and variety shows are commonly held at the PLM Grandstand and Open Field as well as in the Justo Albert Auditorium .
Master classes with interactive performances conducted by international concert artists were open to the PLM community .
Opusfest Concept .
Such a designation would achieve parity with other State Universities that have student regents .
Campus press law challenged .
The Varsitarian Vol .
There are student and employee organizations that cater to specific communities in PLM .
Unlisted organizations are in the process of being accredited .
Manila Bulletin Online .
The Manila Bulletin Online .
Local colleges and universities stage Olympics .
Philippine News Agency .
New college sports league formed .
Philippine Daily Inquirer .
Local schools set Olympic meet .
The Manila Times Internet Edition .
Adel Tamano is President of ALCU .
Ellen Tordesillas .
PLM is an active member of other national academic organizations .
Dela Salle University website .
Atienza welcomes visiting San Francisco Mayor Newsom and his delegation of 138 members .
The Manila Bulletin Online .
It is funded by the government of the city and it does not have any tuition fees .
The university is governed by the Board of Regents and administered by a President .
All freshmen are enrolled in common track of preparatory courses leading to the choice of an academic degree program after the evaluation of his academic standing for one year .
It is funded by the government of the city and it does not have any tuition fees .
But some difficulty prevented the university 's formal creation .
The Senate version of the bill was authored by Senators Gil Puyat and Camilo Osias .
The signing was witnessed by Atty .
The university is governed by the Board of Regents and administered by a President .
The University spends about four to fives times the national average for education .
PLM offers a general education program during the first year of college work .
All freshmen are enrolled in common track of preparatory courses leading to the choice of an academic degree program after the evaluation of his academic standing for one year .
There are cities and factories in the east of this prefecture .
And there are a lot of mountain in the west of this prefecture .
It has been interpreted in different ways .
In his Works and Days he gives the oldest known literary version of the story .
Hesiod tells about Pandora 's origin .
He also makes the scope of the misery she on mankind bigger .
Prometheus had warned his brother Epimetheus not to accept any gifts from Zeus .
West goes on to say this contributes to the inconclusive Pandora legend .
There are many way in which the figure of Pandora can be interpreted .
Erwin Panofsky wrote a monography on the subject .
This also explains the confusion and problems of Hesiod 's version and that it is inconclusive .
This is called a mythic inversion .
Historic interpretations of the Pandora figure are rich enough to have offered Erwin Panofsky scope for monographic treatment .
Curry trees were named to celebrate the botanist Johann Koenig .
Later it was popular in French and English courts in the 17th and 18th centuries .
The best known examples of the gavotte are found in suites and partitas written by Bach .
The gavotte is a dance that was popular in French and English courts in the 17th and 18th .
The best known examples of the gavotte are found in suites and partitas by Bach .
The gavotte is often played after the sarabande and before the gigue .
He started the Sturmabteilung to help Adolf Hitler get to power in Germany .
He founded the Sturmabteilung to help Adolf Hitler get to power in Germany .
Since the mid 1920 's he communicated with the gay community in Berlin and Munich .
He died in 1934 during the Night of the Long Knives after Adolf Hitler had ordered his assassination .
Hitler lied because homosexuality was against the ideology of the Nazi party .
It is known that he was homosexual .
He is known that he was homosexual .
The wronged person then wants vengeance and kills the culprits or punishes them in other ways .
Vendetta is typical of societies with a weak rule of law or in those where the state does n't consider itself responsible for helping with this kind of dispute .
Six cities of refuge were made to provide a cooling off phase as well as due process for the accused .
In such societies family and kinship ties are the main source of authority .
Six cities of refuge were established to provide a cooling off phase as well as due process for the accused .
Keymer used to be a village on its own until it was merged into the modern day village of Hassocks .
Keymer used to be a village on its own until it was merged into the modern day parish of Hassocks .
Most of the fires started and spread on a day of some of the worst bushfire weather ever recorded .
This change in wind direction caused the long eastern sides of the fires to become big fire fronts that burned with quickly towards towns that had earlier escaped the fires .
Many of the fires were started by fallen or clashing power lines or were deliberately lit .
This change in wind direction caused the long eastern flanks of the fires to become massive fire fronts that burned with incredible speed and ferocity towards towns that had earlier escaped the fires .
Most of the fires were started by fallen or clashing power lines or were deliberately lit .
More than 400 fires were recorded on 7 February by both the Country Fire Authority and the Department of Sustainability and Environment .
This day has been referred to as Black Saturday .
The fire was close to the towns of Baynton and Glenhope .
More firemen and trucks were brought in from Bendigo and Kyneton .
The fire threatened the towns of Baynton and Glenhope .
Extra firemen and trucks were brought in from Bendigo and Kyneton .
He removed Zelewski from his name in November 1941 because of its Polish sound .
His father was often out of work .
This death and defeat brought great shame to the family .
His duty was to force people to leave and to take their property .
He later on had Zelewski removed from his name in November 1941 because of its Polish sound .
His father was not often able to find work .
This caused his whole family to be believed to be thought of with shame .
His duty the were the mass forced moving and the taking of private property from people there .
Specialized English was set up initially by Feba Radio in the UK .
Feba now uses Specialized English with US radio companies Words of Hope and Back to God Ministries International .
Special English was used from about 1959 by Voice of America .
The developers of Specialized felt they should choose a name to show both the similarity and the difference .
The reason that Specialized was based on Special English is related to their respective usage .
Specialized English was developed initially by Feba Radio in the UK .
Feba now uses Specialized English in partnership with US broadcasters Words of Hope and Back to God Ministries International .
Special English was developed from about 1959 by Voice of America .
VoA is a federal US government department so is restricted from making Special English programs for anything other than VoA 's own use .
The developers of Specialized felt they should choose a name that acknowledged both the similarity and the difference .
The reason that Specialized was developed from Special English has to do with their respective intended usage .
A steamboat is a boat powered by a steam engine that turns a big wheel or two that pushed water away to push the boat .
A steamboat is a boat powered by a steam engine that turned a big wheel or two that pushed water away to push the boat .
A mud volcano may be the result of a piercement structure created by a pressurized mud diapir which breaches the earth 's surface or ocean bottom .
Mud volcanoes are frequently associated with earthquake zones .
Six teragrams per year of greenhouse gases are from onshore and shallow offshore mud volcanoes .
Many mud volcanoes exist on the shores of the Black Sea and Caspian Sea .
Iran and Pakistan also possess mud volcanoes in the Makran range of mountains in the south of the two countries .
China has a number of mud volcanoes in Xinjiang province .
There are also mud volcanoes at the Arakan Coast in Myanmar .
There was a significant eruption event in 2003 .
A drilling accident offshore of Brunei in 1979 caused a mud volcano which took 20 relief wells and nearly 30 years to stop the eruption .
The gas exploration company was operated by PT Lapindo Brantas .
A catastrophic collapse could sag the vent and surrounding area by up to 150 meters in the next decade .
Petroleum deposits are believed to exist in the area .
This volcano is currently under a legal fight between the Bolivar and Atlantico Departamentos because of its tourist value .
A mud volcano is usually made by mud diapir that breaks out of the surface of the Earth or on the ocean bottom .
Temperatures in mud volcanoes can be as low as the freezing point .
Mud volcanoes are often linked with places where petroleum gathers and around areas of tectonic subduction .
They can also be linked with orogenic belts where hydrocarbon gases usually .
They are also often linked with lava volcanoes as well .
A mud volcano may be the result of a piercement structure created by a pressurized mud diapir which breaches the earth 's surface or ocean bottom .
Mud volcanoes are frequently associated with earthquake zones .
There are many of mud volcanoes .
Most of the things that mud volcanoes spit out happen during .
Six teragrams per year of greenhouse gases are from onshore and shallow offshore mud volcanoes .
Another place that mud volcanoes can be found in Europe are the Berca Mud Volcanoes .
Many mud volcanoes can be found by the Black Sea and Caspian Sea .
Movement from tectonic plates have made areas of mod volcanoes that spit out hydrocarbons and methane .
Some of the tallest mud volcanoes are found in Azerbaijan .
Mud volcanoes can also be found in Iran and Pakistan .
They are found in the Makran mountain range .
China has a lot of mud volcanoes in the Xinjiang province .
There are two active mud volcanoes in the southern part of Taiwan .
Many mud volcanoes exist on the shores of the Black Sea and Caspian Sea .
Iran and Pakistan also possess mud volcanoes in the Makran range of mountains in the south of the two countries .
China has a number of mud volcanoes in Xinjiang province .
There are also mud volcanoes at the Arakan Coast in Myanmar .
There was a significant eruption event in 2003 .
A drilling accident offshore of Brunei in 1979 caused a mud volcano which took 20 relief wells and nearly 30 years to stop the eruption .
The gas exploration company was operated by PT Lapindo Brantas .
A catastrophic collapse could sag the vent and surrounding area by up to 150 meters in the next decade .
England has not won the World Cup .
England has never won the World Cup .
In 1919 the army merged with the army of the German Empire .
In 1919 the army get merged with the army of the German Empire .
It is used in the religion of Scientology .
Dianetics is used in the religion of Scientology .
After World War I the term was used for paramilitary units .
After World War I the term was used for paramilitary organizations .
He was also one of the 24 defendants of the Nuremberg Trials .
He was also one of the 24 accuseds of the Nuremberg Trials .
Hermann 's mother had an affair with von Epenstein .
Hermanns mother had an affair to von Epenstein .
He came back to Germany in 1927 .
He told Hitler that important tasks awaited him in south Germany .
Between 1934 and 1935 he became minister of several agencies .
Between 1934 and 1935 he became the head of several ministerials .
The court decided he was guilty .
His friend Bruno Loerzer got him to join the air force .
Hermann 's mother had an affair with von Epenstein .
His friend Bruno Loerzer convinced him to join the air force .
His friend Bruno Loerzer got him to join the air force .
There are different types of wristband such as those on watches and on the ends of the s of a piece of clothing .
Many people wear wristbands when they exercise or play sports to up sweat .
Some of these wristbands are copied by criminals and sold to people without the money going to the organization they are trying to help .
Sometimes safety wristbands have been used to give to both a parent and child to make sure that only the parent can take the child home from an event .
Some local governments have about using wristbands given to young people to let them buy alcohol in town pubs and s.
There are types of wristband such as those on watches and on the ends of the s of a piece of clothing .
Many people wear wristbands when they exercise or play sports to sweat .
Some of these wristbands are copied by s and sold to people without the money going to the organization they are trying to help .
Sometimes wristbands have been used to give to both a parent and child to make sure that only the parent can take the child home from an event .
Some governments have about using wristbands given to young people to let them buy alcohol in town pubs and s.
Kenchugokuryu means Anti China or hate a China .
This Manga boook says Chinese are ugly and stupid and enemy of the Earth .
This book contains racism .
Kenchogokuryu was published by Shinyusha .
Kenchugokuryu is mean Anti China or hate a China .
This Manga boook is say Chinese are ugly and stuped and enemy of the Earth .
This book is to have racism .
Kenchogokuryu come out by shinyusha .
That is why the scientists at the Tevatron want to beat the scientists at the LHC .
That is why the scientists at the Tevatron want to try and beat the scientists at the LHC .
The original author may or may not be involved in selecting the narrator for the reading .
The original writer may or may not be involved in selecting the narrator for the reading .
Slip End is a medium sized village in South Bedfordshire .
This makes it difficult to detect with the tools that we use .
The Higgs Boson is the only particle not yet seen that is predicted by the Standard Model .
It is also known as the God particle .
He is thought of as one of the greatest conductors in history .
He learned to play the piano and was very talented .
He wanted to conduct in order to perform his own music .
He left some of his conducting jobs in protest when they did not let him perform .
The Allies thought that he had been a Nazi supporter because he had stayed in Germany .
His movements with the baton were very awkward and jerky .
Today people think these are some of the best recordings of all time .
He is considered one of the greatest conductors in history .
He learned to play the piano and was very good at it .
Furtwangler first started conducting as a young man .
But he quickly became more famous for conducting the music of others .
He quit some of his conducting jobs in protest when they did n't let him play it .
The Allies thought that he had been a Nazi supporter because he stayed in Germany .
His motions with the baton were very awkward and jerky .
Today people consider these to be some of the best recordings of all time .
He like to eat hotdogs all day untill his bf comes home for a nice good fun time playing twister .
The event became more widely known weeks prior when a photo of Wayne Gretzky wearing a shirt showing the event surfaced in the Swedish newspaper Expressen .
Advertisements telling people about the date tickets would go on sale used the song Welcome to the World by Kevin Rudolf .
The event gained media attention weeks prior when a photo of Wayne Gretzky wearing a shirt promoting the event surfaced in the Swedish newspaper Expressen .
ATLAS is the biggest experiment at the Large Hadron Collider .
Pumice is a term for a lightweight volcanic rock .
The cooling then freezes the bubbles in the matrix .
This unusual formation is due to the simultaneous actions of quick cooling and quick loss of pressure .
The simultaneous cooling then freezes the bubbles in the matrix .
Farid Suleman has been the chairman and CEO of Citadel Broadcasting since 2002 .
It 's main purpose is provide cells with nutrients and assist the cells in waste removal .
Its main purpose is to provide cells with nutrients and assist the cells in waste removal .
The Riemann hypothesis is a mathematical conjecture .
The hypothesis involves the solutions to a very special equation .
It involves curves and zeros .
Many people think that finding a proof of the hypothesis is one of the hardest and most important unsolved math problems .
This sport requires alot of guts but there is no wind blowing in your face because the bobsled is designed with aerodynamics in mind .
Bobsled also known as bobsleigh is the the second most deadliest sport in the olympic winter games it is very fast and could reach speeds faster than speed skaters and speed skiing the most deadly type of sport in the olympic winter games are the skeleton the skeleton is a one man racing sled on the large blades sliding through a track of clear ice and the only diffrence of the skeleton and the bobsled is that the bobsled is up to three or four men per sled and the skeleton is single !
Bobsled is a sport played during the Winter Olympic Games .
It is played by riding on iced tracks with a sled .
Each platform is 130 metres long .
The concept of a new tube railway running from Victoria to Walthamstow was first proposed by a Working Party set up by the British Transport Commission in 1948 .
The main purpose of the line was to relieve congestion in the central area .
The Private Bill necessary for construction was introduced into Parliament in 1955 .
A test tunnel from Tottenham to Manor House under Seven Sisters Road had been constructed in 1959 and this was later integrated into the running tunnels .
Legend has it that a person in the planning department remarked that Victoria line sounded just right at which point it was adopted as the working title of the new line .
Each station was decorated with tiled motifs on seating recesses to distinguish them from each other .
The Prince of Wales and the Duke of Edinburgh had previously made a visit to the line during its construction .
Trains run every two minutes during peak periods .
The Victoria line is served by a fleet of 43 1967 Tube Stock trains .
The replacement for the line 's 1967 Tube Stock will be the 2009 Tube Stock built by Bombardier Transportation .
The signalling will also be replaced with a more modern ATO system from Westinghouse Rail Systems during the Victoria line upgrade .
The idea was looked into but Network Rail own the necessary land and need it for their own expansion plans .
For many years there have been proposals to extended southwards from Brixton one stop to Herne Hill .
Herne Hill station would be on a large reversing loop with one platform .
This would remove a critical capacity restriction by eliminating the need for trains to reverse at Brixton .
The TFL line diagram is available online .
The Victoria Line is a line of the London Underground .
Its color is light blue on the Tube map .
Its tunnel is deep under the ground .
It was built in the 1960s and 1970s The line has many interchanges with other tube lines or train lines .
There was no opening ceremony at first .
Again there was no ceremony .
The official opening ceremony took place at Victoria station on March 7 1969 .
The Queen unveiled a commemorative plaque on the station concourse .
Princess Alexandra opened the Brixton extension on July 23 1971 .
She made a journey from Brixton to Vauxhall .
The Prince of Wales and the Duke of Edinburgh had visited the line during its construction .
The Prince of Wales and the Duke of Edinburgh had previously made a visit to the line during its construction .
The Victoria line is part of the London Underground system .
On the Tube map it is a light blue color .
It is the busiest line on the London Underground network .
The only section of track to come above ground is the route to the depot from Seven Sisters to Northumberland Park .
There was also a proposal for an extension from Victoria to Fulham Broadwat station on the District Line later but this was not included in the Bill .
There was also a proposal for a subsequent extension from Victoria to Fulham Broadwat station on the District Line but this was not included in the Bill .
The train then has an extra amount of speed as it travels down the hill leaving the station that is added by gravity .
The trains then have an extra amount of speed as they travel down the hill leaving the station added by gravity .
The Private bill necessary to build it was introduced into Parliament in 1955 .
The Private bill necessary for construction was introduced into Parliament in 1955 .
The Private bill needed to build it was introduced into Parliament in 1955 .
The Private bill necessary to build it was introduced into Parliament in 1955 .
On the Tube map it is shown with a light blue color .
On the Tube map it is a light blue color .
This idea was not used because it would have been to difficult to move the stock to Acton Works for heavy .
The idea was dropped because of difficulties in transferring the stock to Acton Works for heavy .
The name Victoria line s back to 1955 .
As the train travels up the hill to the station its weight helps it to slow down .
The train then has an extra amount of speed as it travels down the hill leaving the station that is added by gravity .
Manuel Pino is a professor at Scottsdale Community College in Arizona .
Jacqui Katona is an Aboriginal woman who tried to stop the Jabiluka uranium mine in the Northern Territory .
Jacqui Katona is a western educated Aboriginal woman who tried to stop the Jabiluka uranium mine in the Northern Territory .
A Loon is a bird that lives on water .
It is like a duck .
Loons are found in most parts of North America and Eastern Europe .
There are five North American loon species .
Loons dive under the water for many metres .
The name loon is from the Scandinavian word for clumsy .
They are found in most parts of North America and Eastern Europe .
Most men are not allowed in there .
Harems were meant for the royal upbringing of the future wives of noble and royal men .
No forms of sexual activity took place inside of harems .
This place is forbidden to most men .
No forms of sexual activity took place inside of Harems .
These stories are in the Greek Septuagint and a translation by the writer Theodotion .
The text of these chapters is in the Greek Septuagint .
The machete is a knife often used in jungle warfare because it can easily cut through plants and vines .
It is a lot alike the Japanese katana and the American Bowie knife .
The machete is a knife often used in jungle warfare due to its ability to cut through plants and vines with ease .
The major exception to the convention that the number tracks the order they were or the order that they 're orbit was calculated is the case of Pluto .
The major exception to the convention that the number tracks the order of discovery or determination of orbit is the case of Pluto .
It tells of the brave uprising of the Araucanians and also tells the history of Chile and of contemporary Spain .
It tells of the courageous insurrection of the Araucanians and also relates the history of Chile and of contemporary Spain .
There has often been confusion between the Sei whale and the Bryde 's whale as they look alike and have the same size .
There has often been confusion between the Sei whale and the Bryde 's whale as they are similar in both size and appearance .
The North American economy during the 1920s was doing very well because World War I had just ended .
The North American economy during the 1920s was doing very good because World War I had just ended .
A device used to extinguish a fire .
Take a card from the stack and look at its color .
You start with a stack of cards that have n't been sorted .
Call this stack A .
Take a card from stack A.
You would say that sorting by numbers is more complex .
In the following description we use two stacks .
Stack A is the stack of cards you hold in your hand .
Stack B is the stack of cards on the table .
Do the following til lyou have no cards left in your hand .
An algorithm is the directions that a computer or many computers follow in computer language .
An algorithm is like a cooking recipe for computers .
Please note that this position only changes in step 3 .
ALPHA then brings these antiprotons into contact with positrons and form antihydrogen .
The ALPHA Collaboration is a group of physicists from about 11 universities who work together to try to trap neutral antimatter .
ALPHA then brings this antiprotons into contact with positrons and form antihydrogen .
However some atoms in some states behave such that they are repelled by magnetic fields .
CERN is the only place in the world that can provide slow antiprotons that can be easily captured by ALPHA .
CERN is unique in the world in providing slow antiprotons that can be easily captured by ALPHA .
This means that the atoms could possibly be trapped in space by making a minimum of the magnetic field .
This is a difficult process .
This means that the atoms can potentially be trapped in space by making a minimum of the magnetic field .
The challenge is however far from over .
Dextromethorphan can also be used for pain relief or for psychological conditions .
Claustrophobia is a fear of narrow or closed places .
It is an anxiety disorder and often results in panic attack .
Claustrophobia is a fear of enclosed spaces .
This dread of narrow or closed places .
It is typically classified as an anxiety disorder and often results in panic attack .
The Palace of Whitehall was the main home of the English kings and queens in London from 1530 until 1698 when all except Inigo Jones 's 1622 Banqueting House was destroyed by fire .
The word Whitehall can also refer to the central government itself .
The Palace of Whitehall was the main residence of the English monarchs in London from 1530 until 1698 when all except Inigo Jones 's 1622 Banqueting House was destroyed by fire .
Raeder was also one of the 24 charged at the Nuremberg Trials and get imprisoned .
Computers that have DMA channels can transfer data to and from devices with much less CPU overhead than computers without a DMA channel .
The school is paid for by the government .
IET LUCKNOW is the oldest engineering college of lucknow and one of the primier institute of UP Goverment .
It was inaugurated on November 1984 with the objectives of producing quality engineers in every discipline .
The selection for UG courses is done by SEEengineering entrance examconducted by UPTU .
Top rankers of see get admission in IET LUCKNOW .
This should help when thinking about periods of time that have different orders of magnitude .
Click this link for times shorter than one attosecond .
Click this link for times longer than one femtosecond .
An attosecond is one quintillionth of a second .
This period of time is called an attosecond .
Wikipedia does not have an article with this name .
You are not currently logged in .
Changing this way will make your IP address show up in this page 's change history .
Messages sent to your IP can be seen on your talk page .
Please do not save test changes .
It is one of the twelve Undergraduate schools of the University .
The College of Accountancy and Economics was once two individual departments under the former PLM College of Business and Public Administration .
PLM Bulletin of Information .
The Manila Bulletin .
In between times it is completely out of the ordinary world that we experience at human size .
We can know what happens at the beginning when we touch the switch on a laser .
We can not know what happens in between .
The Copenhagen interpretation is a consensus among some of the pioneers in the field of quantum mechanics that it is undesirable to posit anything that goes beyond the mathematical formulae and the kinds of physical apparatus and reactions that enable us to gain some knowledge of what goes on at the atomic scale .
Note that the existence of any such atomic scale particles is known only at the point of emission and the point of detection .
What is going on in between the point of emission and the point of detection is something that is not known and explainable without accepting on faith certain philosophical and cosmological views of what reality should be like .
Something like a movie screen or a smooth white wall is put up on the other side of the double slit device several meters away .
Lasers are things that will produce one or more photons when given a certain amount of electricity .
Something like a movie screen or a smooth white wall is placed on the other side of the double slit device several meters away .
Lasers are things that will produce one or more photons when supplied with a certain amount of electricity .
There are many different types of antivirus software .
Some are free and others are not .
Installing more than one antivirus software can sometimes mean that they with each other .
They can also be bad if no antivirus software is as they can allow access to a computer .
However softwares such as McAfee will scan the computer to find these viruses .
A planetary nebula is a nebule that is made up of gas and plasma .
They are made by certain types of stars when they die .
They are named this because they look planets through small optical telescopes .
Planetary nebulae are very special objects because they can help make more stars .
The only place that these metals form are in stars .
This is called nucleosynthesis .
The pictures of these nebulae show that they have very weird shapes .
Scientists are n't sure why they are n't all spheres .
There are many theories about why the are n't .
Planetary nebulae are not very bright .
None of them are bright enough to see without a telescope .
The first one discovered was the Dumbbell Nebula .
To early astronomers the looked like gas giants .
We still call them this even though we know they are not planets .
Astronomers did n't know what these objects were until the first spectroscopic experiments were done in the 1800s .
William Huggins used a prism to look at galaxies .
He noticed that they looked a lot like stars .
He saw an emission line at a place that no one had seen before .
This meant that it looked like an element that no one had ever seen before .
They decided to call it nebulium .
This means that they must be very small .
The only time that stars get that small is when they are dying .
That means that they are one of the last steps in a star 's death .
Astronomers saw that all planetary nebulae are expanding .
This meant that they were caused by a star 's outer layers being thrown into space at the end of its life .
Stars weighing more than 8 solar masses will supernova .
Stars that weigh as much as the Sun will become planetary nebulae .
The core gets even smaller and hotter .
The rest of them have very weird shapes .
A second theory is that planets near the star might change how the nebula forms .
A third theory is that magnetic fields cause the shapes .
A big problem in studying planetary nebulae is that astronomers ca n't always figure out how far away they are .
A planetary nebula is an emission nebula that is made up of gas and plasma made by certain types of stars when they die .
They got the name in the 18th century because the looked a lot like giant planets when scientists looked at them through through small optical telescopes .
Planetary nebulae are very important objects in astronomy because they give material to other places in the galaxy .
The only place that these heavy metals naturally form are in stars .
This process in the star is called nucleosynthesis .
The Hubble Space Telescope has sent back interesting pictures of these nebulae that show that they have very complex shapes .
Astronomers did n't know anything about what planetary nebulae actually were until the first spectroscopic experiments were made in the 1800s .
This meant that it looked like an element that had never been seen before .
Stars weighing more than 8 solar masses will usually supernova .
The rest of the planetary nebulae have very weird shapes .
Another theory is that planets near the star might change how the nebula forms .
A big problem in studying planetary nebulae is that astronomers usually ca n't figure out the distance to most planetary nebulae .
They are named this because they look like planets through small optical telescopes .
They are named this because they look planets through small optical telescopes .
The glowing is caused by a star being near the nebula .
Planetary nebulae are made when where a dying star has thrown off its outer layers .
This causes the core of the star to heat up the plasma .
Hydrogen glows red when it is hot .
The glowing is usually caused by a star being near the nebula .
These diagrams end up describing all the probability amplitudes for pretty much everything that happens in the universe .
The vertices are where the lines begin and end .
The points in Feynman diagrams where the lines meet represent two or more particles that happen to be at the same point in space at the same time .
The lines in a Feynman diagram represent the probability amplitude for a particle to go from one place to another .
All the lines and vertices have an amplitude .
A Feynman diagram is a diagram used to visually represent certain very small particle interactions .
The diagrams help scientists understand how they behave around one another .
It was lost for many years until it was found again in Mexico in 2007 .
The driver sat in a cockpit set all the way to the back of the car .
This was where racing drivers sat when they drove a drag racing car .
A top like this is called a bubble top since it looks like half of a soap bubble sitting on top of the driver .
He removed it so that he could put in a new given to him by General Motors .
The Orbitron was one of his few custom cars to even have a hood .
It was said that the automatic hood did not fit well .
He discovered it parked in front of an adult bookstore where it was in very poor shape and was being used as a trash can .
He fully restored the Orbitron in 100 days .
He made it exactly like it was when it was new .
The restoration even includes the same type of television .
A small tape recorder and tape were found hidden in the cockpit .
This was played when the car was new .
It told people who were looking at the car what made it special and it still works today .
The original Chevrolet engine with its very special carburetors and Chevrolet Corvette aluminum valve covers has been rebuilt and reinstalled .
It was feared lost until it was found again in Mexico in 2007 .
He removed it so that he could put a new given to him by General Motors .
It was said that the automatic hood did not fit well due to its having been fitted too quickly .
Starbird traded it to a man in Texas .
He completed the restoration of the car in 100 days .
The restoration includes a television of the same type originally installed in the console .
The original Chevrolet engine with its three rare Stromberg carburetor setup and Chevrolet Corvette finned aluminum valve covers has been rebuilt and reinstalled .
They was used to match the color of the new paint .
The original Chevrolet engine with its very special carburetors and Chevrolet Corvette aluminum valve covers has been rebuilt and put back in the Orbitron .
It was used to match the new paint .
The original Chevrolet engine with its very special carburetors and Chevrolet Corvette aluminum valve covers has been rebuilt and reinstalled .
Cuengh Wikipedia is mainly written in Cuengh .
However some articles have simple Chinese notations to make them easier to understand .
Audacity is a digital audio editor and recording program .
A Dyson shell that is a solid structure and the inside could even become inhabitable if the sphere produces artificial gravity by spinning on itself .
A Dyson shell that is a solid structure which interior could even become inhabitable if the sphere produces artificial gravity by spinning on itself .
Such a structure is obviousbly uninhabitable .
The most physically realistic structure to built .
Such a structure is uninhabitable .
Possibly the most physically realistic structure to built .
Glow engines should be run slightly rich .
This means that the mix of fuel and air going into the engine has to have a bit more fuel in it than it can burn at once .
This unburned fuel and oil help keep the engine cool .
Some very small engines require more oil than larger engines .
More oil may be needed in the fuel .
The proper oil can be found at a hobby shop .
Companies which make glow fuel mix their fuels with the help of computers .
This helps each batch of fuel be of the highest quality it can be .
Glow engines generally have to be run slightly rich .
This means that the mix of fuel and air going into the engine has to have a bit more fuel in it than may be necessary to help keep the engine cool .
The terms were invented by Wilhelm Johanssen to distinguish between inherited and environmentally produced variation .
The distinction was not new .
History of genetics .
The extent to which the genotype influences the phenotype varies hugely .
Human language is an interesting case .
The letters B and b represent genes for color and the pictures show the resultant flowers .
The genotype is the trait we ca n't see .
One 's genotype differs subtly from one 's genomic sequence .
In the case of hemophilia and similarly recessive diseases a heterozygous individual is a carrier .
A homozygous dominant individual has a normal phenotype and no risk of abnormal offspring .
A homozygous recessive individual has an abnormal phenotype and is guaranteed to pass the abnormal gene onto offspring .
In the case of hemophilia and similarly recessive diseases a heterozygous individual is a carrier .
A homozygous dominant individual has a normal phenotype and no risk of abnormal offspring .
A homozygous recessive individual has an abnormal phenotype and is guaranteed to pass the abnormal gene onto offspring .
Such techniques can help evolve mathematical solutions to certain types of otherwise difficult problems .
Genotyping is the process of elucidating the genotype of an individual with a biological assay .
The most common chromosomal aneuploidy is a trisomy of chromosome 21 which manifests itself as Down syndrome .
Current technological limitations typically allow only a fraction of an individual 's genotype to be determined efficiently .
All text is available under GNU Free Documentation License .
A paper clip is usually a thin wire in a shape that is wrapped in on itself .
It is used to hold two or more pieces of paper together by .
It was first made by The Gem Manufacturing Company sometime during the 1890s .
The trademark said that the paper clip had been sold since March 1892 .
It is proven that the paper clip was well known by 1899 .
A patent was given that year for a machine to make wire paper clips to William Middlebrook on April 27 .
There are many different kinds of paper clips .
Some have ends instead of round ones .
Some have a bent end .
This was done so that it is easier to put paper in .
Some of them have wires with bumps that allow them to hold the paper better .
Some paper clips are made to look good .
A paper clip is usually a thin wire in a shape that is wrapped in on itself that is used to hold two or more pieces of paper together by pressure .
It was first made by The Gem Manufacturing Company at some point in the 1890s .
The trademark paperwork said that the paper clip had been sold since March 1892 .
There are many varieties of paper clips .
Some have pointy ends instead of round ones .
Some have a bent end so it is easier to put paper in .
Some of them have wires with bumps so they hold the paper better .
Some paper clips are designed to look good .
It is open weekday mornings and it does not cost money to see it .
My Chemical Romance never gave a reasoning for his departure .
Geard Way sucks at singing and should leave the country because he is gay and so is frank iero and gays are stupid and should all leave the country .
Matt Pelissier is a former member of My Chemical Romance .
After awhile he was kicked off the band and replaced by Bob Bryar .
My Chemical Romance never gave a reasoning for his departure .
Only steam trains have a fireman .
He makes sure the fire that powers the steam train is burning right by putting coal or oil into the fire .
The fire man is only on steam trains .
The fireman makes sure the fire that powers the steam train is burning right by putting coal or oil into the fire .
He makes sure the fire that powers the steam train is burning right by putting coal or oil into the fire .
Her photo was used extensively to illustrate the dangers of illegal abortions .
He said that he and his colleagues made many such statistics to lead people to believe that legalizing abortion was a good thing to do .
Only an example was made .
It was named Duke of Gloucester .
It was made at Crewe Works in 1954 .
It is known as the Duke .
It was a replacement for the destroyed Princess Royal Class vehicle number 46202 Princess Anne .
It was involved in the Harrow and Wealdstone rail disaster of 1952 .
He was in trouble after Stuart Lubbock was found dead in his pool .
He was found not guilty of murder because his fingerprints were not on Lubbock .
He was in trouble after Stuart Lubbock was found in his pool but was found not guilty and his fingerprints were not on Lubbock .
Barry George is the man who was put in prison for 8 years for the murder of Jill Dando .
But he later had a retrial and his sentence was overturned .
When he was young he was a champion at roller skating .
He was also once arrested trying to break into Kensington Palace whilst Prince Charles and Princess Diana were there .
He was found not guilty .
When he was young he was a champion at roller skating and once leapt over a line of buses using a ramp .
Barry George was finally set free on August 1st 2008 .
Several factors contributed to the freezing of toxic asset markets .
The term zombie bank was introduced to describe banks which would have become bankrupt if their assets had been revalued at realistic levels .
A Tesseract is a shape in geometry with four dimensions .
A Tesseract is a shape in 4 dimensional geometry .
A Tesseract is a shape in four dimensions .
A square has two dimensions .
You can make a cube from six squares .
A cube has 3 dimensions .
A Tesseract is a shape in geometry with four dimensions .
The tesseract is built in the same manner .
A hysterectomy is surgery to remove the womb .
A hysterectomy is a kind of surgery to remove the womb .
It is one of the most fascinating and exciting places I have ever been to .
It is just lovely .
There were many churches .
It means Todays church .
Thank you and so long for now .
It is one of the Fasinating and Exciting place i have ever been to .
It is Just Lovely .
There were many Churches .
It meant Todays church .
Thankyou and SO Long For now .
The Flame Nebula is part of the Orion Molecular Cloud Complex .
Much of the glow results when the electrons and ionized hydrogen recombine .
Additional dark gas and dust lies in front of the bright part of the nebula and this is what causes the dark network that appears in the center of the glowing gas .
ICANN is manages the assignment of domain names and IP addresses .
ICANN is responsible for managing the assignment of domain names and IP addresses .
ICANN manages the assignment of domain names and IP addresses .
ICANN is manages the assignment of domain names and IP addresses .
The wreck is located at .
In 1951 he went back to live with his parents in Maryland where they ran beauty salons .
In 1951 he went back to live with his parents in Maryland where they ran a chain of beauty salons .
Boohbah is a 2003 children 's television program produced by Ragdoll Productions .
It was for children between three and six years old .
Anne Wood also made the children 's show Teletubbies .
Boohbah is a 2003 children 's television program produced by Ragdoll Productions and aimed at children between three and six years old .
Anne Wood also created the children 's show Teletubbies .
Most people do not use the word buffalo as a verb .
The plural form of the noun buffalo can be buffaloes or buffalo .
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo is a sentence which uses correct grammar .
Most people do not use the word buffalo as a verb .
The Portuguese Man O ' War is infamous for swarming in groups of thousands and for its powerful sting .
These zooids are specialized polyps and medusoids .
These are specialized polyps and medusoids .
Each zooid lacks structures associated with other functions and so is dependent for survival on the others to do what it can not do by itself .
It lives in the sea .
Its common name comes from a Portuguese war ship of the 15th and 16th century .
The ship had triangular sails .
These sails are similar in shape to the bladder of the Portuguese Man O ' War .
The Portuguese Man O ' War has a bad reputation for swarming in groups of thousands .
It is also known for its powerful sting .
The Portuguese Man O ' War is not a single animal .
It is rather a siphonophore .
This is a colony of four kinds of zooids .
They do not live by themselves .
Each zooid does not have some and .
It depends for survival on the others doing what it can not do by itself .
A similar group of animals are the chondrophores .
They are specialized hydroids .
They float at the surface of the open ocean .
The Portuguese Man O ' War is infamous for swarming in groups of thousands and for its powerful sting .
They do not live independently .
The Loggerhead Turtle feeds on the Portuguese Man o ' War .
It is a common part of the turtle 's diet .
The skin of the turtle is too thick for the Portuguese Man o ' War 's sting to enter and launch its venom .
The sea slug Glaucus atlanticus and the violet snail Janthina janthinaalso feed on the Portuguese Man o ' War .
The blanket octopus Tremoctopus is immune to the venom of the Portuguese Man o ' War .
The skin of the turtle is too thick for the Portuguese Man o ' War sting to penetrate and launch its venom .
The Portuguese Man o ' War is often found with many different kinds of marine fish .
These species are rarely found anywhere else .
The clown fish can swim among the tentacles without being stung .
This is possibly due to its mucus that does not trigger the nematocysts .
It feeds on the smaller tentacles under the gas bladder .
These fish benefit from the shelter by the stinging tentacles .
It also helps the Portuguese Man o ' War for the presence of these species may attract other fish to feed on .
Microsleep is a very short sleep that occurs when people are awake .
It can last from under a second to about 30 seconds .
People with microsleeps usually are not aware of them .
The sleeping driver is at very high risk for having an accident during microsleep .
Microsleep is a kind of sleep that occurs when people are awake .
People with microsleeps usually are unaware of them .
The sleeping driver is at very high risk for having an accident during a microsleep episode .
Media studies is an academic area of study about mass media and its history and effects .
These distinctions are different depending on the country where students live .
Media studies draw on traditions from both the humanities and the social sciences .
These distinctions vary across national boundaries .
He served the military with the mountain infantry division but had to leave because he hurt his knee .
From 1982 to 1986 he was a representative to the Bavarian secretary of the state and then a minister of state from 1982 to 1988 .
He joined together with the Green party .
He served the military with the mountain infantry division but had to quit soon because of a knee injury .
From 1982 to 1986 he was a represantative to the Bavarian secretary of the state and then a minister of state from 1982 to 1988 .
He started a coalition with the Green party .
Positivism is a belief that the world can best be understood through reliable knowledge based on experience .
The knowledge can only come from the agreement of others through strict scientific method .
Topics about the things that have no body or form are not talked about .
We ca n't be happy to use a real concept in investigating natural phenomena .
Positivism and Sociology .
Bucknell University Press .
August Comte and Positivism .
Harvard University Press .
Cambridge University Press .
Norton Internet Security is a security program made by Symantic Corporation that protects computers from malware .
Models have been constructed within Euclidean geometry that obey the axioms of hyperbolic geometry .
These models prove that the parallel postulate is independent of the other postulates of Euclid .
The lock is among the 100 largest in the world .
It was built in 1963 .
This radiation can be very harmful if it is inside your body because it can change the DNA in your cells .
But it is OK when it is outside of the body because alpha radiation does not travel very well through air .
This radiation can be very harmfull if it is inside your body because it can change the DNA in your cells .
But it is ok when it is outside of your body because alpha radiation does not travel very well through air .
He wanted drivers who were going to cross the tracks to know that a train was coming and he wanted to do it in a very big way .
He wanted drivers who were going to cross the tracks to know thatt a train was coming and he wanted to do it in a very big way .
Video confence means to a talk over a distance between two or more people using video and audio .
Destalinisation is the process of undoing the influence of Soviet leader and dictator Joseph Stalin by chaging his policies and removing monuments dedicated to him and renaming places named in his honor .
Katyn is also mentioned .
It is mainly in southeastern Utah with a small portion in northeastern Arizona in the United States .
It is in Utah and Arizona in the United States .
She also had very big boobies .
A slut is a woman of improper behavior or low character .
The station serves fourteen counties in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia and West Virginia .
It covers the latest news and talk about sports events over the previous week .
Virginia Dream Centerstage is a music and variety show that airs from time to time on WHSV .
It has 14 counties that is serves in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia and West Virginia .
The idea originated from former WHSV personality Jenealle Smith .
WHSV shows finalist on WHSV News 3 at Noon all week of the Rockingham County Fair and have a one hour finale live from the fair .
Personalities include Ben Jones and the Cooters Garage Band .
It covers the latest news and talk about sports happenings over the previous week .
Virginia Dream Centerstage is a music and variety show that occasionally airs on WHSV .
The station broadcasts television programs from the ABC Television Network .
Mania is a severe medical condition characterized by an extremely strong mood .
Some maniacs show signs of psychosis .
These cycles may relate to diurnal rhythms and environmental stressors .
Manic patients may need to be hospitalized to protect themselves and others .
Mania and hypomania have also been associated with creativity and artistic talent .
A single manic episode is usually enough to diagnose Bipolar I Disorder .
A single manic episode is sufficient to diagnose Bipolar I Disorder .
It is possible to treat mania using a combination of drugs and therapy .
This needs to be done to rule out that the mania is caused for example by a tumor .
The mania in bipolar disorder is usually treated using a combination of mood stabilizer and antipsychotic drugs .
It may be necessary to temporarily admit the patient involuntarily until the patient is stabilized .
Antipsychotics and mood stabilizers help stabilize mood of those with mania or depression .
There are different levels of mania .
Racing thoughts and misperceptions lead to frustration and decreased ability to communicate with others .
There are different stages or states of mania .
These behaviors can cause stress in everyday life .
AJ Giannini .
The tail is also used as a fifth leg when walking slowly .
The males can jump a distance of in one leap .
The Red Kangaroo 's legs work much like a rubber band .
The males can jump over in one leap .
The Myelodysplastic syndrom is a group of diseases and conditions that affect how blood is made .
Myelodysplastic syndrome is the name of a number diseases and conditions that affect how blood is made .
Organisms use stem cells to replace damaged cells .
They divide and differentiate into a range of cell types .
Stem cells are somatic cells which are capable of cell differentiation .
They are characterized by the ability to renew themselves through mitotic cell division and differentiating into a diverse range of specialized cell types .
Stem cells can be grown in cell culture .
Stem cells can now be grown and transformed into specialised cells which look like the cells of tissues such as muscles or nerves through cell culture .
A costume drama is a show in which complex costumes and sets are used to try make the set look like a particular time in history .
A costume drama is a show in which complex costumes and sets are used to try to replicate a certain time .
It is more like a soup of plastic pieces floating in the ocean just below the surface .
Ships try to avoid this patch of garbage because it can get caught in their screws .
Scientists have discovered high levels of DDT and other organic compounds in this deadly plastic soup .
The pieces of plastic come from all over the world .
Changing winds and currents often cause parts of this plastic island to break away and send pieces of plastic toward the beaches and shorelines of Pacific Islands and the mainland .
They can eat or get caught in the garbage .
Scientists estimate that the size of the plastic island is approximately equal to the land mass area of the entire United States .
Ocean going vessels generally avoid this patch of garbage .
Some microenvertebrates have also been found to ingest tiny plastic pieces with similar results .
Scientists have discovered elevated levels of DDT and other organic chemicals in this toxic plastic soup .
The source of the plastic pieces comes from all over the world .
Changing winds and currents often cause this plastic island to belch a bunch of plastic pieces toward Pacific Island beaches and shorelines of the mainland .
Changing winds and currents often cause parts of this plastic island to break away and send pieces of plastic toward the beaches and shorelines of Pacific Islands and the continents .
Changing winds and currents often cause parts of this plastic island to break away and send pieces of plastic toward the beaches and shorelines of Pacific Islands and the mainland .
The term now more often applies to unspiced red Bordeaux wine .
The term now more frequently applies to unspiced red Bordeaux wine .
Gelatin is a protein substance that comes from collagen .
The salt crust on the lake is not thick and can break like glass under a person 's weight .
The salt crust on the lake is not thick and can break like glass under a persons weight .
He has played for the Brazil national team .
He has played for Brazil national team .
SIV strains isolated to date have been classified either as Influenzavirus C or one of the various subtypes of the genus Influenzavirus A.
Influenza can also infect humans and birds .
It is believed to be spread between humans when an infected person coughs or sneezes and then touches something .
Another person then might touch the same thing with the virus on it and then touche their own nose or mouth .
The vaccine for the human seasonal flu does not protect against the swine flu .
It is believed to be spread between humans through coughing or sneezing of infected people and touching something with the virus on it and then touching their own nose or mouth .
Vruuses that came from the Spanish flu virus have remained in pigs .
They simply occurred at the same time as the epidemics that occur every year .
The virus only changes a little bit in a period of about two to three years .
Hundreds of millions of people are suddenly made aware that the antibodies they developed are useless .
Every two or three years the virus undergoes minor changes .
Viruses that were built like this had not been found in humans or pigs before .
This farm raises almost one million pigs a year .
People living nearby have been complaining about the clouds of flies .
The origins of this new strain remain unknown .
There are sea birds and seals on the island .
It is a dependent area of Norway and is not subject to the Antarctic Treaty .
The exterior shells of supercomputers are often colored various shades of slate gray .
The exterior shells of supercomputers are often colored slate gray .
She was loved by the Dutch people .
She spoke to the Dutch people on radio from England .
She was very popular by the Dutch people .
Special in the WO2 .
The P versus NP problem is an open question in Computer science about the complexity of problems .
The question is whether there is a class of problems that can not be solved in polynomial time .
This is generally known as complexity .
People are unsure where Hibari Misora 's parents were originally from .
Others disagree .
Hibari Misora 's ancestry is a matter of dispute .
The style of music she sang was enka .
She had drunk a lot of alcohol for decades .
She had been a heavy drinker for decades .
The station and all trains using it are run by National Express East Anglia .
One of the officers has an son and the son is trying to be like the father .
One of the officer has an son .
It is found everywhere except for North America .
Most of speciescome from Africa and Australasia .
The idea started in the 17th century and developed in the 18th century .
One of the first to express it was Shaftesbury .
Vauxhall station is an important railway station in the London district of Vauxhall .
It is at the Vauxhall Cross road junction opposite the southern approach to Vauxhall Bridge over the River Thames in the London district of Vauxhall .
His body was deeply reburied behind the Kremlin Wall in simple grave .
Removal was part of the successful destalinization process started by Khrushchev in 1953 .
Many stalin towns and cities were renamed worldwide .
Many stalin towns and cities were renamed worlkdwide .
He has played for the Italy national team .
He has played for Italy national team .
The Palestinians are the inhabitants of the West Bank and the Gaza strip .
They have been fighting with Israel for a very long time .
They were forced to leave more and more land to the Israeli 's and currently have very little land .
The Palestinians used to be knowns as the Arabs .
Palestinians could also be used as a name for Jewish people when Palestine was still a British area .
The Vailala Madness acquired its name from observations of the behavior of people who took part in it .
It was active in the Papuan Gulf .
The Vailala Madness acquired its name from observations of the behavior of people who participated in it .
The Vailala Madness was a new religious movement .
The dead would bring with them a cargo that included tinned food and tools .
The Vailala Madness was a religious movement .
The Vailala Madness got its name from the behavior of people who took part in it .
This ship would be piloted by dead people who were returning .
The dead people would bring with them a cargo that included tinned food and tools .
The Vailala Madness was a new religious movement .
The Vailala Madness acquired its name from observations of the behavior of people who took part in it .
This ship would be piloted by the returning dead .
The dead would bring with them a cargo that included tinned food and tools .
Agranulocytosis is an acute condition involving a severe and dangerous leukopenia particularly of neutrophils causing a neutropenia in the circulating blood .
Carbon dioxide is converted to a carbohydrate .
Other variations may contain only chipeas .
It is then deep fried at a high temperature .
They are common in the Eastern Mediterranean .
These dishes are similar to the tapas of Spain or finger food .
Multiple birth is when one woman gives birth to more then one child at the same time .
She has been credited by Caltrans with the idea of using a painted line to separate lanes of traffic on a highway .
She has been credited by Caltrans with idea using a painted line to separate lanes of traffic on a highway .
Percy Jackson is the protagonist or hero of the series .
Percy Jackson is the protagonist of the series .
The series has five books total .
The series has five books in all .
Many crashed due to mishandling on takeoff when a full fuel tank affected the center of gravity .
Many crashed due to mishandling on takeoff when a fuel tank affected the center of gravity .
Even though the Camel had these problems the Camel was known its good spinning characteristics .
Roman historians call it clades Variana .
The Roman Empire made no more attempts to take over Germania beyond the Rhine .
Roman hisorians refer to it as clades Variana .
The Roman Empire made no more attempts to conquer Germania beyond the Rhine .
There are many different types of liquid crystal phases .
Different phases are different because their optical properties are different .
The contrasting areas in the texture each correspond to a domain where the LC molecules are rotated in a different direction .
There are many different types of LC phases .
Different phases can be distinguished because their optical properties are different .
The contrasting areas in the texture each correspond to a domain where the LC molecules are oriented in a different direction .
Her religion was Christian Lutheranism before changing to Russian Orthodox when she married Peter .
It can come with other medical problems .
Pepsin needs a low gastric PH to become active .
Achlorhydria and hypochlorhydria refer to states where the makes of gastric acid in the stomach is not there or low .
It is can come with other medical problems .
Grand Theft Auto IV has the same basic gameplay from the earlier games in the series .
Players can explore and choose how they want to play the game .
Grand Theft Auto IV has the same basic gameplay from the previous games in the series .
Players can explore and choose how they wish to play the game .
When the player commits a crime and the police see it they will start to go after the player and try to arrest him .
Much of the country 's farming resources go towards it .
Water use in producing khat is so high that groundwater levels in the Sanaa basin are getting lower .
One of the main reasons Yemen produces so much khat is because the price brings in a high income for farmers .
This is a strong reason farmers prefer to grow khat over coffee and fruits .
Its cultivation consumes much of the country 's agricultural resources .
Water consumption is so high that groundwater levels in the Sanaa basin are diminishing .
One reason for cultivating khat in Yemen so widely is the high income it provides for farmers .
This is a strong reason farmers prefer to cultivate khat over coffee and fruits .
There are some problems with Khat .
There are some problems with Kath .
They mainly live in mountainous places of Iran and Pakistan .
They mainly inhabit mountainous terrains of Iran and Pakistan .
A treeshrew is a small mammal from the tropical forests of Southeast Asia .
They make up the families Tupaiidae and Ptilocercidae and all of order Scandentia .
The treeshrews are small mammals native to the tropical forests of Southeast Asia .
They make up the families Tupaiidae and Ptilocercidae and the entire order Scandentia .
Waste was born blind in 1534 to William and Joan Waste .
William 's job was to cut people 's hair and made rope .
Waste was blind when she was born in 1534 .
Her parents were William and Joan Waste .
Jian Waste was taken to court as she broken the law .
SThe judge was the Bishop 's man .
She had to defend her views and she was told she would die .
She had not liked the church services being read in Latin .
She was to die because she bought a bible .
She asked friends to read to her for a penny .
On the day of her death she held hands with her twin brother as she walked to be burned .
She was hanged over the fire with a rope .
She fell into the fire when the rope burned through .
The place where Joan Waste was killed is now the site of a church .
Draycot was sent to be a prisoner .
He died after being released in 1571 .
Waste was born blind in 1534 to William and Joan Waste .
Waste was called before the Bishop 's man to defend her views and she was told she would die .
She had objected to the services now being read in Latin .
She was sentenced for buying a bible which she asked friends to read to her for a penny a time .
On the day of her death she was reported to have held hands with her twin brother as she walked to her death .
She was hanged over the fire with a rope and she fell into the fire when the rope burned through .
The place where Waste was executed is now the site of a Roman Catholic church .
Draycot was sent to be a prisoner of the fleet and died after being released in 1571 .
Joan Waste was taken to court as she broken the law .
The judge was a man employed by the Bishop .
Draycot was also sent to be a prisoner .
Jian Waste was taken to court as she broken the law .
SThe judge was the Bishop 's man .
Draycot was sent to be a prisoner .
Joan Waste was taken to court for breaking the law .
The judge was a man employed by the bishop .
She had to defend her views and was told she would die .
She had not liked the fact that the church services were being read in Latin .
She was to die for being a Protestant and for refusing agree with the Catholic view .
Joan Waste was taken to court as she broken the law .
The judge was a man employed by the Bishop .
She had to defend her views and she was told she would die .
She had not liked the church services being read in Latin .
She was to die for being a protestant and for refusing agree with the catholic view .
The judge was Antony Draycot .
She had bought a Bible in English and they were meant to be only in Latin .
The judge was called Antony Draycot .
In English it is known as the Fair Tower .
It is Germany 's second tallest skyscraper .
It is the fourth tallest building in Europe .
MesseTurm is located in Frankfurt 's district Westend .
The construction began in 1988 .
It was finished in 1991 .
It was only to metres higher than MesseTurm .
The construction of the building 's foundation set a world record .
The world record was for the longest concrete pour .
Ninety trucks poured concrete for 78 hours .
They poured it into the deep foundation .
There is a pyramid on the very top of MesseTurm .
It is tall .
This makes it very different from other skyscrapers .
The Book of Enoch is a book claiming to be written by Enoch .
The book was written over two thousand years after the death of the real Enoch .
The Book of Enoch is a book thought to be written by Enoch .
Arriva Fox County is a bus company which provides bus services in Leicester and Leicestershire .
After the Highcross Leicester opened several bus stops in the city center were changed .
Arriva Fox County is a bus company operating in Leicester and Leicestershire .
It is part of Arriva Midlands .
Vancouver is a city north of the Columbia River in the Washington in the United States .
It is the fourth largest city in Washington state .
Chinook and Klickitat tribes called this area land of the mud turtles before 1775 .
Disease killed most natives before the Hudson 's Bay Company came in the 1820 's .
Many trappers had native wives and lived outside Fort Vancouver .
Fort Vancouver closed in the 1840 's .
The city of Vancouver was incorporated in 1857 and was over three times as big by 1909 .
Another ship yard built ships for World War II .
Vancouver is just north of the Columbia River and west of the volcanic Cascade Range mountains and the Columbia gorge .
The Vancouver area was inhabited by Native American tribes before the arrival of English .
Chinook and Klickitat tribes called this area land of the mud turtles before first European contact in 1775 .
Disease killed most native people before the Hudson 's Bay Company came in the 1820 's .
Many trappers had Indian wives and lived outside the Fort Vancouver stockade .
Fort Vancouver closed in the 1840 's and the city of Vancouver was incorporated in 1857 .
Another ship yard built battle ships for World War II .
During World War II another ship yard built ships .
It is just north of the Columbia River and west of the volcanic Cascade Range mountains and the Columbia Gorge .
The Vancouver area was home to Native Americans before the arrival of Europeans .
Both cities were named for British explorer George Vancouver .
Nice pieces to check out in Binary form are minuets by Pezold or similar baroque pieces .
Nice pieces to check out in Binary form are minuets by Pezold or similair baroque pieces .
Adding pudding or coconut cubes instead of pearl tapioca .
Tai Koo Shing has many Koreans .
The school has an English section and a Korean section .
The Korean Section uses Korean textbooks .
The English section uses English textbooks and follows the Cambridge International Primary Programme .
Students use the facilities for physical education classes and activities outside of classes .
Higher grade students take a school trip to England .
There are many special parties during the year .
Usually there is one party per month .
Each house has their own chant and their own color .
In the past the school has had problems with bribery .
A person in the cleaning company paid a bribe to a school officer .
So the Independent Commission Against Corruption investigated the school and arrested one person .
Koreans in Hong Kong were disappointed .
They said they lost confidence in the school 's management .
The students ranges from undergrade 1 to 12th grade with immersion classes and Spring Board .
The school takes a trip to England for the higher grade students and at least one special day a month is provided as an events for lower graders .
Kikuyu is the largest tribe in Kenya .
The Kikuyu is the largest tribe in Kenya .
Ripley is a town in the English county of Derbyshire .
A recent Butterley achievement was the design and construction of the Falkirk Wheel which lifts large canal boats .
One of the town 's parks is named after him .
Ripley is a town in the English county of Derbyshire in England .
A recent major Butterley achievement was the design and construction of the Falkirk Wheel which a spectacular canal boat lift .
PA Cyber celebrates its 10th anniversary in 2010 .
Midland 's influence as a hub of industrial and cultural progress seemed to diminish overnight and the community faced an economic and educational crisis .
In 2004 is officially changed its name to the Pennsylvania Cyber Charter School .
The Pennsylvania Cyber Charter School is dedicated to the success of all students who have not had their needs met in a traditional educational setting .
PA Cyber is dedicated to providing the services and educational programs using current technology necessary for these students to receive a high school diploma as well as to give them the opportunity to grow beyond the normal curriculum and confines of a traditional school setting .
It recently changed its name from the Western Pennsylvania Cyber Charter School .
Enrollment can not be finalized until all thse documents are received by the school .
The Pennsylvania Cyber Charter School is dedicated to the success of all students who have not had their needs met in a traditional educational setting .
The IUCN now has offices in many of the nations around the world .
The entire mood is dark .
The entire mood is dark as it can be seen from the keywords cited .
He was born and raised in Seoul .
He was born and raised in Daegu .
He was born and raised in Incheon .
He has also appeared in Girls ' Generation 's music video Gee .
He was born and raised in Seoul .
He is the youngest member in group .
SM Entertainment stated that this EP would showcase the group 's vocals and demonstrate their unique qualities .
Yonhap News .
Eco Today .
They also did a reality show named Yun Ha Nam for women older than them .
They were also the public representatives for the Korean Youth Federation and many others .
Lee Jinki is his actual name .
He auditioned for the 2006 SM Academy Casting and got accepted .
He is both a vocalist and a rapper in the group .
His longtime dream was to be an idol just like ShinHwa or HOT members .
Taemin is the main dancer of the team .
They also did a reality show named Yun Ha Nam aimed at women older than them .
He plays for Manchester United and England national team .
Ben Foster was born in Leamington Spa .
He started his football career at Racing Club Warwick in 2000 and spent a season there before he joined the club team Stoke City on 25 April 2001 .
This injury prohibited him from playing football for six months .
Yonsei University is one of the top three private universities in South Korea .
It is one of the oldest universities in Korea .
Before Yonsei University there were Severance Hospital and Yonhi College .
These two combined to make Yonsei University .
So this date of the beginning of the medical school is used for the beginning of the University 's history .
Yonsei University was started by a Christian missionary named Horace Underwood .
Yonsei University 's school color is blue .
Yonsei University is one of the most prestigious private universities in South Korea .
The color representing Yonsei University is blue .
The economics and business department are ranked within the top three universities in South Korea .
The beginning of osechi starts in the Yayoi period .
This went from 1000 BC to 300 AD .
People at that time were starting to grow rice .
This is the beginning of osechi .
This idea came from China .
An offering table was set up for the gods .
A rolled mixed with fish paste mean the culture and diligence because it is a symbol or a scroll from the meaning of dressing up .
People at that time appreciated natural products which people can harvest through a year .
Then people are always grateful to god for natural products by making an offering to god .
This event is called seasonal festival .
Seasonal festival is called Sekku in Japanese .
Sekku dish is a food that we eat in appreciation for the blessing of nature and the good harvest and big catch .
This is beginning of Osechi .
This event came from China .
And this event was called sekkai in Japanese .
The day of event was called to a five festival days in Japan and the congratulation table was offered to the god .
One year there was not much food .
People did not have enough rice to cook in their rice cooker .
Emperor Jintoku knew about this and it worried him a lot .
He said that he would lower the taxes in years when people did not have enough rice for New Years Day .
After that the taxes were lowered but the House of Emperor Jintoku became poor .
Japanese people celebrated this custom on New Years Day .
He is god of agriculture .
Osechi is a meal to give to Toshigami .
In Japan people gave the first part of the crop to god .
New Years Day was said that it is important day to call back god of field who go back to mountain .
One day food was very bad .
We could not boil the rice in a rice cooker .
Emperor Jintoku saw it from height .
He hurt his mind .
He said that I lower tax in year when people can not boil the rice in a rice cooper in New Years Day .
New Years Day was day that we have rest rice cooper for decreased tax .
After that rule that decreased tax was kept .
House of emperor Jintoku was bad condition .
Now celebrate custom is New Years Day only .
He is called Toshigami and administer agriculture .
Kadomatsu is marker for coming to our world .
Shimekazari and Wakazari is holy territory .
Osechi is deal to give to Toshigami .
In Japan from old people give to god crop first .
The rest of that doing was called Naorai .
Osechi like now is main that a traditional of Edo era .
Each food means lucky .
Now young people do n't return their home town in New Years Day .
They do n't eat Osechi .
Traditional from old Japan is a little weak now .
An offering table was set up for the gods .
These days many Japanese people buy their osechi in shops instead of making it at home .
One type of osechi is made from black soybean and herring roe .
Black is a color which brings youth and long life .
The name of the black soybean means that people can live a long life without sickness .
Chestnuts are rolled into an omelet mixed with fish paste and steamed fish paste Chestnut means a mass of gold and it represents the wish that people get ahead in business and become rich person .
And red steamed fish paste means removing evil and white means a pure mind .
An offering table was set up for the gods .
Chestnut are A rolled omelet mixed with fish paste and Steamed fish paste are also types of Osechi .
Black soybean means that people can live a long life without sickness .
Herring roe is a New Year 's food which wish symbolizes the prosperity of descendants .
That is to say Herring roe is auspicious food .
Chestnut means a mass of gold and it represents the wish that people get ahead in business and become rich person .
And Red steamed fish paste means removing evil and white means a pure mind .
Believers in Buddhism think Enma comes from the start of the world .
People thought he tied up souls of the people with the rope that he held in the hand .
He became a feared god he was treated as just the god of death at last .
His eyes are open wide and he looks angry .
He has a club and a big rope .
Another Enma from ancient India has a flag and steps on water buffalo with one leg .
His looks are really scary .
He lived in paradise and his job was looking after the dead .
Over time people became scared of Enma .
His job was changed from looking after the dead to judging them .
Enma used a club and big rope to tie up the souls of dead people .
He ruled the lower world and judged the dead .
He decided if a dead person went to heaven or hell .
He made his judgment on what they had done in their lives .
People who had behaved well went to .
People who had behaved badly go to hell .
The stories about Enma are very .
The most famous story is how Enma will pull someone 's tongue out when if they did a bad thing .
Japanese parents teach their children to be honest by using this story .
Enma can also bring dead people back to life .
He told Enma all about himself his life and Enma started to be interested in his acting .
The actor became a new Enma instead of the real Enma .
Enma is not fearful or strong at all .
This Enma is not kind but strict .
Believers in Buddhism were thinking Enma lives in the far back of the void .
He became dreadful god in such things as I wrote and he was treated as just the god of death at last .
He opens his eyes wide and looks angry .
This is the common appearance of Enma .
However sometimes Enma is shown differently .
It depends on the country and era .
Another Enma in ancient India has a flag and steps on water buffalo with one leg .
All of Enma in India is like this .
Then Enma is well built .
His arm is really thick .
Also his chest measurement is thick too .
Enma is just imagination .
He went to the hereafter as the first dead person .
So he lived on paradise and his job was controlling the dead .
His job was changed to controlling the dead to judging them .
Enma used a club and big rope for binding the souls of dead people .
He ruled lower world and judged the dead .
The criterion of his judgment is what they did in their lives .
People who behaved well can go to heaven by his judgment .
People who behaved badly ca n't go to heaven .
He goes to hell .
Each judgment is based on each person 's behavior before death .
So his job is to judging dead people in hereafter .
The legends about Enma are very mysterious .
The most famous legend is how Enma will pull someone 's tongue out when if they did a bad thing .
Japanese parents teach their children to be honest by using this legend .
Enma can aslo bring dead people back to life .
He told Enma all about himself his life and Enma began to be interested in his acting .
The actor became a new Enma instead of real Enma .
Enma has a strong image of fear or strictness .
The futon was put on the floor at night for sleeping .
They could be easily rolled up during the day when they were not needed .
Futons help you sleep comfortably so people choose futons that suit them .
The manufacturer Nishikawa is the most famous .
This company is in Kyoto and Tokyo .
But now people want better futons .
Futon makers have developed futons that can adjust to the human body .
And they are easy to look after .
Also a futon of low repulsion is popular among Japanese people .
Some users who are troubled by bedbugs on futon like tick guard futons .
How to look after a Japanese futon .
Futons have to be hung out in sunlight to keep them dry .
Futon is helpful to remove our fatigue .
So people choose futons that is proper for the own bodies .
This company is in kyoto and tokyo .
Of course there are a lot of good futon .
People request better Futons .
And attention of futon is easy .
Also futon of low repulsion is also popular among Japanese people .
Some users who are troubled by bedbugs on futon like about tick guard futons .
Wool is suitable for mattress and quilt .
Users chooses materials that suit to own body .
This latter point is of doubtful validity in many birds and mammals .
Many bird species rear the young jointly .
The basic reason for this is the way sexual reproduction increases the genetic variety in a population .
Ridley then argues that human intelligence is largely a result of sexual selection .
The history of ideas on sexual selection and the evolution of sex is treated by Helena Cronin .
Cambridge University Press .
Ridley argues that human intelligence is largely a result of sexual selection .
Meeting the demands is not easy .
The small needs to become a grandmaster are very hard .
The garden was privately paid for and built by the architect Heinrich Siesmayer .
Work was done in 1871 and the garden opened to the public .
One special visit was from the American entertainer Buffalo Bill .
Buffalo Bill performed his Western show at the garden in 1890 .
The garden was later moved to the occupation after World War II .
The halls that were destroyed in the war were redeveloped and expanded .
In 1992 the reconstruction finished and the Palmengarten showed in its new form .
Work was completed in 1871 and opened to the public .
One colorful visit was from the American entertainer Buffalo Bill who brought his Western show in 1890 .
Halls destroyed in the war were redeveloped and expanded .
In 1992 the reconstruction finished completely and the Palmengarten shined in its new form .
Therefore they used Heobeok to carry water .
Cheese on toast involves the ingredients cheese and toast .
It was not as successful in the United States .
He selected young scholars and tried to realize ideal Confucian politics .
And many of the people can use letters more easily than before .
Sejong was the third son of King Taejong .
His father liked him more than his other brothers .
He selected young scholar and tried to realize ideal Confucian politics .
And many of the people can use letters easier than before .
This was a kind of tool to help measure the rain and how much it fell .
So they acted rudely and badly in front of the and were soon .
This later became a heartfelt and traditional legend in South Korea .
He selected young scholars and tried to realize ideal Confucian politics .
He achieved scientific technology .
This was the equipment of rainfall measurement .
Also he carried out territorial expansion .
Boeing 727 series .
Civil Aircraft Today .
This made it one of the first jet planes able to be able to take off from shorter runways .
A message will be on simple talk .
The PowerBook was changed many times during this time .
The PowerBook is a type of laptop computers .
The PowerBook was changed many times in the time that it was made .
The PowerBook line was made for people .
It got many awards .
The PowerBook was changed many times during this time .
It was often the first to have features that would later become common in competing laptops .
The PowerBook and iBook lines were discontinued and replaced by the MacBook family by 2006 .
Her first minor roles were in programs such as The Thirteenth Year and The Safety Of Objects and her first major role was in a movie called Panic Room .
Kristen Jaymes Stewart is an American actress focusing on television and film .
Her father is called John Stewart and he works as a stage manager and television producer .
Her first minor roles were in programs such as The Thirteenth Year and The Safety Of Objects and her first major role was in a film called Panic Room .
Their legs are thin and short .
Their lips are sealed just behind the teeth to prevent soil from filling their mouths while digging .
It only uses very little oxygen .
The naked mole rat can only regulate its body temperature in the typical mammalian fashion over a relatively narrow range of temperatures .
The skin of naked mole rats lacks a key neurotransmitter called substance P that is responsible in mammals for sending pain signals to the central nervous system .
The Victoria Line is fitted with an automated voice announcer .
It is voiced by Emma Clarke .
This is Green Park .
Change here for the Jubilee and Piccadilly Lines .
Exit here for Buckingham Palace .
This is a Victoria Line Train to Brixton .
Stand clear of the closing doors .
Emma Clarke is still the announcer for the system .
Alight was also changed to Exit at this time .
The train controls when the doors open and close and also starts the train by pressing two buttons at the same time .
The train operator controls when the doors open and close and also starts the train by pressing two buttons at the same time .
The 1967 Stock will be replaced by 2009 Stock by the end of 2012 .
This stock is to be built by Bombardier as part of the upgrade of the Victoria Line .
The replacement trains are expected to arrive from 2009 onwards .
One train of 2009 Stock is currently in the depot at Northumberland Park and is tested during engineering hours .
This train arrived in 2007 .
One driving motor has been preserved .
It is number 3016 and is stored at the Walthamstow Pump House Museum .
It has not been refurbished .
The Stock belongs to Bombardier 's Movia type of train .
It is part of their Movia family .
The weak nuclear force is one of the four basic forces in the universe .
The weak nuclear force is responsible for the emission of beta particles in radioactive decay .
The weak nuclear force is one of the four fundamental forces that exist in the universe .
The weak nuclear force is responsible for the emission of beta particles in the process of radioactive decay .
It flies to 39 destinations in China and Asia .
It serves 39 destinations in China and Asia .
Psychiatrists can prescribe psychiatric medication .
In other countries psychiatrists train in similar ways but may not have to go to a separate university and medical school .
Psychiatrists are a few of mental health professionals who may prescribe psychiatric medication .
The station started in 1989 .
It 's target audience is people over 35 and it mainly broadcasts country music and classic hits .
Midwest Radio 's franchise area is county Mayo although it can be heard in various parts of Connacht .
The station was officially opened in 1989 .
Midwest Radio 's franchise area is county Mayo although it can be recieved in various parts of Connacht .
The carpentry is an innovative assembly composed of sixteen kilometers of wood .
The carpentry is an innovtive assembly composed of sixteen kilometers of wood .
The Marten is a small mammals that form the family Martes .
There are eight species .
Martens live in forests and with their claws that are just like cat 's they are easily able to climb trees .
They live by themselves and do not like other martens living too close to them .
They meet to mate in late spring or early summer and have up to five babies .
Martens are a group of small mammals that form family Martes .
There are 8 species of this carnivore .
Martens live in forests and with their claws that are just like cat 's they are perfectly adapted to live on trees .
They are solitary and territorial animals which hunt at night .
They meet to mate on late spring or early summer and have up to five babies .
There is a park with miniatures of sights of Thuringia in Ruhla .
There is a park with minatures of sights of Thuringia in Ruhla .
They won the Academy Award for the Best Song in 2008 .
The Swell Season became famous as a result .
Host Jon Stewart asked her back to deliver her speech following the commercial break .
Hansard quit school at age 13 to begin busking on local Dublin streets .
Songs that he has recorded include Justin Timberlake 's Cry Me a River on Vol .
Host Jon Stewart invited her back to deliver her speech following the commercial break .
Philadelphia Atoms is a soccer club which plays in the United States .
Philadelphia Atoms is a soccer club which plays in United States .
The battles happened between April and December 1944 .
The Japanese 3rd Tank Division crossed the Yellow River around Zhengzhou in late April and defeated the Chinese near Xuchang .
They then moved around and put Luoyang under .
The 3rd Tank Division began to attack on May 13 and won Luoyang on May 25 .
The 3rd Tank Division began to attack Luoyang on May 13 and took it on May 25 .
The first leader of the CPSU was Vladimir Lenin .
It arose from the Bolshevik group of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party .
The first leader of the party was Vladimir Lenin .
By letting you put your cursor over the little binoculars without clicking it .
Fashion design is the art of designing clothes and other things like purses and shoes .
A fashion design is the art of designing clothes and other things like purses and shoes .
The clothing they design have to be fashionable and stylish .
Fashion design is the art of designing clothes and other things like purses and shoes .
Rheumatic fever is an inflammatory disease that happens in children and young adults as a result of becoming infected by group A streptococci bacteria .
Rheumatic fever is an inflammatory disease that occurs in children and young adults as a result of becoming infected by group A streptococci bacteria .
Neometaphysics is the finding out and report of relationships that are complex and the use of fundamental laws .
The chance of such a law being true is based on how many there is of its looks .
A fundamental law is one that can be found in every area of investigation .
The probability of such a law being true is based on the frequency of its appearance .
The group of such facts can now be perceived enabling it to be perceived in any level of detail for its structure .
A watering can is a container that is used to water plants by hand .
The Epping Ongar Railway is a preserved railway .
It runs along the final section of the old Great Eastern Railway and London Underground Central Line branch line .
The land and infrastructure are owned by Epping Ongar Railway Ltd.
The Epping Ongar Railway is a preserved railway that runs along the final section of the old Great Eastern Railway and London Underground Central Line branch line .
The service is provided by volunteers who take care for the line as well as run the trains .
The service is provided by volunteers who maintain the line as well as run the trains .
In the 1950s there were attempts to improve the service on the branch line .
Eventually permission was given to electrify the line in 1957 .
When complete it will be one of the few Heritage Railways that operates a whole branch line in its original form and entire length .
When complete it will one of the few Heritage Railways that operates a whole branch line in its original form and entire length .
Its was made to go with social dancing at parties and festivals .
Its original intent was to be an accompaniment to social dancing at parties and festivals .
There is no one way to describe the original and unique sounds of Boeremusiek .
The valley begin in Gandarbal and ends near Baltal and the start of the Zojila Pass .
Sindh Valley is the main route between Kashmir and Central Asia .
The valley begin from Gandarbal and ends near Baltal at the base of the Zojila Pass .
Sindh Valley is the chief trade route between Kashmir and Central Asia .
It is now clear that there is benefit if the animals are closely related .
A gene which lowers the fitness of individuals will become rare .
It is now clear that there is indirect benefit if the animals who get the help are sufficiently closely related .
Kin selection has been discussed by Haldane and by Hamilton .
Some cases of evolution by natural selection can only be understood by considering how biological relatives influence each other 's fitness .
Hamilton 's equation describes whether or not a gene for helping behavior will spread in a population .
Hamilton 's equation describes whether or not a gene for altruistic behavior will spread in a population .
It may also allow flow of some commodity .
Findings of coins indicate that the Romans were in Buxton throughout their .
Findings of coins indicate that the Romans were in Buxton throughout their occupation .
The Wedgwood family often went to Buxton on holiday .
The Wedgwood family often went to Buxton on holiday and recommended the town .
Buxton is also close to Manchester .
Roman coins have been found in Buxton .
Buxton is close to Greater Manchester .
Findings of coins indicate that the Romans were in Buxton throughout their .
Market town is a word in law that came from the medieval period .
It means a settlement in Europe that has the right to have markets .
Market town is a term in law which originated in the medieval period .
It means a settlement in Europe that has the right to host markets .
We call these different conditions an autistic spectrum .
People with Asperger 's syndrome are not any more clever or any less clever than anyone else and it is not a mental illness .
People with Asperger 's syndrome think differently to everyone else .
People with Asperger 's syndrome usually like robots and aliens because they are like robots and aliens .
People with Asperger 's syndrome have to learn everything because nothing is natural to them .
People who are grown up with Asperger 's syndrome look and act just like everyone else and you probably will not notice them .
A man called Hans Asperger knew some children that were different to other children in the 1940 's .
He called them little professors because he thought that they were so smart .
He wrote a book about these children .
Asperger 's syndrome is a type of autism .
People with Asperger 's Syndrome need to learn how to socialise with other people and can be shy .
We call this range of conditions an autistic spectrum .
They also can have a hard time understanding what facial expressions mean .
We call these different conditions an autistic spectrum .
Asperger Syndrome is called a mental disorder .
It is not a mental illness .
Most adults who have Asperger Syndrome learn to cope with it .
Most adults with Asperger Syndrome learn how to make friends and live successful lives .
What causes Asperger Syndrome ?
This part of the brain also controls some body movement such as balance .
A person with Asperger syndrome may have trouble doing things such as sports .
They may walk or act in a clumsy way .
Asperger Syndrome seems to run in families .
Several different conditions can be related to autism and Asperger Syndrome .
Asperger Syndrome can not be made better by taking medicine .
Most people who have Asperger Syndrom have normal or high intelligence .
Many people who have Aspeger Syndrome are very intelligent and are called geniuses .
How does Asperger Syndrome affect a person ?
People with Asperger syndrome can have a hard time fitting in with other people .
This means that when people are talking they are also looking for signs in the other person 's facce annd the movement of their body to tell how they are feeling and whether they mean exactly the same as their words are saying .
People with Asperger Syndrome often do n't know if a person is joking .
People with Asperger Syndrome often do n't understand that when someone frowns at them it means You are saying the wrong thing and you should stop now !
People with Asperger Syndrome often ca n't understand why other people like doing the things that they do .
Asperger Syndrome is sometimes called other planet syndrome because people with Asperger Syndrome often feel that they are quite normal but are living in a world full of aliens .
People with Asperger Syndrome usually like to act in a way that is sensible .
People with Asperger Syndrome usually have very ability to see and remember the details of things that other people miss.
This is a very useful talent in many types of work .
People with Asperger syndrome are often better than most people at math and computer programming .
People with Asperger Syndrome often have a special interest that they become expert in .
They also can have problems socializing with other people and can appear to be shy .
Doctors see Asperger syndrome as a mild form of autism .
People with Asperger syndrome can have a hard time fitting in .
The part of the brain that has to do with relating in a social way to others also controls the traits of body movement such as balance .
They may walk or act in a clumsy way .
Many people with Asperger syndrome are much better at writing than they are at talking with somebody in person .
People with Autism usually have trouble empathising other peoples emotions .
Ca n't recognize facial expressions .
Asperger syndrome is considered to be at the highest functioning end of the Autistic spectrum disorders .
How does Asperger syndrome affect a person ?
It is considered to be the highest functioning end of the Autism spectrum disorders .
They won an award for best music video in 2002 by MTV Europe for their song Remind Me .
This was the first time people on earth were able to watch two object in the solar system smash into each other .
The biggest was 600 times more powerful than every neuclear bomb on earth combined .
The collision helped scientists learn more about what Jupiter is made out of .
The movie is about a pig named Wilbur who takes care of three spiders .
It 's a pig named Wilbur talking care of three spiders who are the daughters of Charlotte from the first movie .
Phonotaxis is the way in which crickets can find each other by using sounds .
He started using Slovene terminology for the areas he worked in .
He started using Slovene terminology in his areas of study .
Regen began to research in animal physiology .
He was able to make crickets respond to artificial sounds using a loudspeaker .
He was the firts pesron to work out its purpose .
He is the founder of modern bioacoustics .
He started using Slovene terminology for the areas he worked in .
His mother encouraged his interest in insect sounds .
His father lost money bring textiles into Slovenia and could not pay for his schooling .
He became interested in insect sounds as a child .
His family was poor and could not pay for his schooling .
His father lost a lot of money bring cloth into Slovenia and could not pay for Ivan to go to school .
Ivan was given a scholarship so that he could go to school at the local seminary .
He was able to save enough money go to study in Vienna .
Exner helped him get a job back in Vienna .
He worked in a secondary school there until his retirement in 1918 .
Regen began to study insects in great detail .
His father lost money bring textiles into Slovenia and could not pay for his schooling .
Regen began study insects in great detail .
Phonotaxis is the way in which crickets can find each other by using sounds .
The Aidi or Chien de l'Atlas is a Moroccan dog breed used to protect flocks of sheep and goats .
It also can hunt and smell very well .
It also possesses hunting capabilities and good scenting ability .
Xinjiang is a region of the People 's Republic of China .
It is also claimed by the territory of Republic of China .
The floor may get lower when the bus stops and higher when it moves .
It is often used for events such as sport events or at airports .
The floor may get more low when the bus stops and more high when it moves .
York Minster is the biggest Gothic cathedral in northern Europe and is found in the city of York in Northern England .
York Minster is the largest Gothic cathedral in northern Europe and is situated in the city of York in Northern England .
Its school and library were started in the 7th century .
The English Reformation led to the first Anglican archbishop .
It was rebuilt as a more impressive structure with thirty altars .
Grape shot is quite different from a shell or shrapnel rounds .
A shell is a hollow ball packed with explosive and a fuse .
The fuse is lit by the explosive charge that sends the shell towards its target .
It is designed to explode when it reaches its target .
Grape shot begins to spread as soon as it leaves the gun or cannon .
When the shell bursts the small bits scatter in a more or less spherical pattern with usually fatal force .
They can also destroy wooden structures from their intense fragmentation impact .
Grape shot is a type of cannonball that has a lot of metal balls inside it .
The balls blow up and the balls fly around hurting and killing people .
Grape shot can not destroy metal or wood .
He looks like a mouse and has electric powers .
He resembles a mouse and has electric powers .
Every episode ends with a For real segment .
Every episode ends with a for real segment .
Every episode ends with a For real segment .
Cyberchase is a PBS Kids GO !
Cyberchase is a PBS Kids program on five days a week on PBS .
Well is a small village in Hampshire in between Odiham and Farnham .
It is next to Lord Wandsworth College .
Well is a small village in Hampshire lying between Odiham and Farnham .
It is located next to Lord Wandsworth College .
He represents Mississippi 's 1st district .
He has plans to run for president of the united states in 2012 .
He has plans to run for president in 2012 .
This would help increase the numbers of potoroos .
The group was formed to help in the education and telling people about the potoroo .
The group also helps with raising money for more study and captive breeding programs for Gilbert 's potoroo .
The group was formed to help in the education and public awareness of the potoroo .
The group also helps with raising money for the research and captive breeding programs for Gilbert 's potoroo .
Since that time four more potoroos have been sent to start a breeding colony .
This group helps educate and tell people about the potoroo .
It also helps with raising money for more study and captive breeding programs for Gilbert 's potoroo .
The group was formed to help in the education and telling people about the potoroo .
The group also helps with raising money for more study and captive breeding programs for Gilbert 's potoroo .
Potoroos are nocturnal and they spend their days hiding .
They only come out into the open very often .
Luminosity class V is equivalent to saying on the main sequence .
They do this in order to coordinate their actions in a number of areas .
Their most famous song was House of the Rising Sun .
War had popular songs including Spill the Wine and Tobacco Road .
He left Warm during in 1971 to start a solo career .
He continues to tour North America and Europe .
After some successfull world tours and acting roles in movies he went on to record with Brian Auger as a psychedelic fusion rock band in the 1990s .
In the following year he released Athens Traffic Live and Soul of a Man .
Currently he does a european tour and then gets back to Canada and the United States .
Icons are used in many places on a computer .
Shortcut icons also show up in other places such as folders and the start menu .
These icons work the same as on the desktop .
While a button with a magnifying glass will let the user search for something .
Icons are used in many places on the computer .
Shortcut icons also show up in folders and the start menu .
Tanggula railway station is a railway station on the Qingzang railway in Tibet .
Tibet is currently an Autonomous Region inside China .
Tanggula railway station is less than one kilometre from Tanggula Pass which is the highest point of the Qingzang railway .
Two of them can be accessed by a platform .
Tibet is currently an Autonomous Region inside the China .
Tanggula railway station is less than one kilometre away from Tanggula Pass which is the highest point of the Qingzang railway .
Two of them can be accessed through a platform .
It has over 50 animal species .
It also has over 200 individual animals .
It is in Kitee .
Allingham was the oldest ever member of any of the British Armed Forces and the oldest veteran of the First World War .
Allingham planned to leave his body to medical science .
Allingham was the oldest ever surviving member of any of the British Armed Forces and the oldest veteran of the First World War .
Brawl as a trophy .
Brock saves one of the Mudkip from being washed away in a stream .
Mudkip is used in an internet meme called so I herd u like mudkips .
Brawl as a trophy that can be obtained through special means .
Brock rescues one of the Mudkip from being washed away in a stream .
Mudkip is the inspiration for an internet meme called so I herd u like mudkips .
Swadlincote has local parks and a large dry ski slope .
The main attractions within the boundaries of Swadlincote are the local parks and the large dry ski slope .
Bodell was British Heavyweight Champion .
This courthouse is still in use .
The Kyneton Cup is on the day after Melbourne Cup day .
Bushranger Ned Kelly was put on trial in the Kyneton Courthouse in 1870 for robbery .
This courthouse is still in use as a magistrates court on Mondays .
The first European to the Kyneton area was Major Thomas Mitchell who crossed and named the Campaspe River in 1836 .
The first settlers came to Kyneton later that year .
The first European to discover the Kyneton area was the explorer Major Thomas Mitchell who crossed and named the Campaspe River in 1836 .
The first settlers arrived in the area the same year .
Brawl a bit on the head scratching side in light of more familiar characters in the title such as Pikachu .
He made a number of videos for the CKY .
He became famous when he joined MTV 's Jackass crew .
He made a series of videos for the CKY .
The equations form a consistent structure .
Melbourne belonged to King William in 1086 .
Melbourne belonged to the King in 1086 .
This means that other states see a group as the true government of a place where they have no actual control .
This means that other states see a group as the legitimate government of a place where they have no actual control .
Requests that are clearly disruptive will be removed and declined .
Requests that are clearly disruptive will be removed .
Welcome to the title blacklist requests .
This page is for asking for an entry to the .
Please use this page to ask for an entry to the .
The first is caused by the way the game stores battle information and the second is caused by the Old Man script in Viridian City .
The first is caused by the way the game stores battle information and the second is caused the Old Man script in Viridian City .
Nintendo has described MissingNo .
It really says something about Pokemon fans that they took what is a potentially game ruining glitch and used it as a shortcut to level up their Pokemon .
It wants the Andalusia people to be recognized as a nation .
It is often simply called Plaid .
It is a separatist political party in Cymru which wants an independent Free Welsh state within the European Union .
It advocates the establishment of an independent Free Welsh state within the European Union .
It wants Scotland to be an independent country within the EU .
I believe that not counting talk pages may be too for our readers .
Venice and Dalmatia were very much related from the Middle Ages until the 19th century .
Venice and Dalmatia were very much related from the Middle Ages until the XIX century .
Areas of today 's Bosnia and Herzegovina also had an indigenous Bosnian Church which was often mistaken for Bogomils .
Areas of today 's Bosnia and Herzegovina also had an indigenous Bosnian Church which was often mistaken for Bogomils .
Areas of today 's Bosnia and Herzegovina also had an indigenous Bosnian Church which was often mistaken for Bogomils .
Areas of today 's Bosnia and Herzegovina also had an indigenous Bosnian Church which was often mistaken for Bogomils .
During the Venetian rule in Dalmatia from 1420 to 1797 the number of Orthodox Serbs in Dalmatia was increased by numerous migrations .
The Serbs living in urban area of cities in Dalmatia were much wealthier .
Built with Stone of Istria in typical venetian style of northern Dalmatia .
The word stradun in venetian means big street .
The Serbs living in Urban cities of Dalmatia were much wealthier .
The Serbs in Boka kotorska had much more cultural advancement due to the nearby Cetinje Metropolitan and the Venetians had to fall back from influencing the religious life of people there .
Derby Carriage and Wagon Works was built by the Midland Railway .
The began at Derby Works in 1840 .
These three merged in 1844 to form the Midland Railway .
Viscosity index or VI is measure of the temperature at which a lubricating oil works properly .
Lubricating oil is meant to reduce friction between two surfaces .
If it is too viscous the oil will be thick and sticky and need too much energy to keep the parts moving .
What is needed is an oil that has just the right amount of viscosity to keep the two surfaces apart .
Oil becomes less viscous as the temperature goes up .
Viscosity index is measure of temprature at which a lubricating oil works properly .
The name comes from the Greek word for sun flower .
Heliantheae can be grown on farms .
These include sunflowers and jerusalem artichokes .
Heliantheae can be grown as crops on farms .
These include sunflower and jerusalem artichoke .
Carbonneau was drafted 44th overall in the 1980 NHL Entry Draft by the Montreal Canadiens .
He currently works with the Stars after briefly becoming an Assistant Coach in Montreal .
Staal 's wedding is scheduled for August of 2007 .
He is set to be married in August of 2007 .
He led the Hurricanes in points during the 2006 Stanley Cup Playoffs with 28 points .
Staal led the Carolina Hurricanes in points during the 2006 Stanley Cup Playoffs with 28 points .
It was his moment to show everyone that he could get the job done .
He had 3 striaght wins and 2 shout outs in 3 games .
The Canadiens are currently in first place in the Eastern Confrence .
Price is famous for his great calmness and intelligence in net .
He oversaw the largest economic expansion in Irish history and was important in making the Good Friday Agreement .
The first book on the subject was written by Bill Kaysing in the 1970s .
Various groups and individuals claim that the Apollo astronauts did not walk on the Moon .
These groups will be called Moon sceptics in this article .
Some Moon sceptics also question the authenticity of the Skylab orbital station .
Some Moon sceptics question also the authenticity of the Skylab orbital station .
Certain people and groups claim that the astronauts of the Apollo mission did not walk on the moon .
They call this idea Moon Hoax or Apollo Hoax .
These groups and people will be called Moon sceptics in this article .
Various groups and individuals claim that the Apollo astronauts did not walk on the Moon .
These groups will be called Moon sceptics in this article .
Certain people and groups claim that the astronauts of the Apollo mission did not walk on the Moon .
Certain people and groups claim that the astronauts of the Apollo mission did not walk on the moon .
These groups and people will be called Moon skeptics in this article .
NASA did this to make the world believe astronauts had walked on the moon .
Some Moon skeptics also question the authenticity of the Skylab orbital station .
It would also raise questions whether new missions to the the Moon and to Mars are feasible .
These groups and people will be called Moon sceptics in this article .
Some Moon sceptics also question the authenticity of the Skylab orbital station .
Questioning man 's way to the Moon is almost an absolute taboo .
Questioning man 's way to the Moon is almost an absolute taboo in scientific circles .
Moon conspiracy theorists think that NASA faked the Apollo mission with a secret program .
Longuski says that it would have been a lot easier to actually land on the Moon than to create such a large conspiracy to fake it .
Longuski claims that it would have been a lot easier to actually land on the Moon than to create such a massive conspiracy to fake it .
NASA commented on some of the conspiracy theories in June 1977 .
NASA issued an information sheet to address some of the conspiracy theories in June 1977 .
Others said that making the Oberg 's book an official NASA publication would give a credibility to the conspiracy theory .
It is understood that the decision resulted from the bad publicity that followed the announcement of the project .
Others commented that making the Oberg 's book an official NASA publication would actually give a certain credibility to the hoax theory .
Locally called mansur .
The Samlesbury witches were three women that were tried in the villages of Samlesbury in Lancashire .
They were tried because a girl who was fourteen years old at the the time had accused them .
The girl was named Grace Sowerbutts .
The accusation was that they practiced witchcraft .
Their trial at Lancaster Assizes in England on 19 August 1612 was one of a series of witch trials held over two days .
It is among the most famous in English history .
This included the Pendle witches .
The charges against the women included child murder and cannibalism .
This event split up the Southworth family of Samlesbury Hall .
This event divided the Southworth family of Samlesbury Hall .
Their trial on 19 August 1612 was one of a series of witch trials held over two days .
The trials were unusual for England at that time for two reasons .
Anyone who caused harm by the use of magic or the exhumation of corpses for magical purposes would be given the death penalty .
He had been arrested many times for not giving up his Catholic faith .
The rest of the family stayed strictly Catholic .
Other Lancashire magistrates learned of Nowell 's discovery of witchcraft in the county .
On 15 April 1612 JP Robert Holden began investigations in his own area of Samlesbury .
She also said that they had transported her to the top of a hayrick by her hair .
They had also tried to make her drown herself .
The women then cooked and ate some of it and used the rest to make an ointment that let them change themselves into other shapes .
Their trial at Lancaster Assizes in England on 19 August 1612 was one of a series of witch trials held over two days .
The case against the three women collapsed spectacularly when Grace Sowerbutts was shown by the trial judge to be the perjuring tool of a Catholic priest .
Race conditions can be difficult to find .
Bugs caused by race conditions are a frequent source of frustration within the profession of software development .
It is often difficult to explain what a race condition is .
The metaphor of a horse race can be used as an explanation .
The Mitsubishi Galant is an automobile made by Mitsubishi Motors since 1969 .
The Mitsubishi Galant is an automobile manufactured by Mitsubishi Motors since 1969 .
The Thornton 's chocolate factory is to the south of Alfreton .
The A38 road was extended north to Alfreton in the early 1970s .
The Thornton 's chocolate factory is based to the south of Alfreton .
The A38 previously stopped at Derby but it was extended north to Alfreton in the early 1970s .
Sometimes the partner is a bacterium which can use sunlight .
The lichen is different in shape and mode of life from either of the partners .
It is a distinct form of life .
You can find lichen everywhere on land .
Lichens as pollution monitors .
They are abundant as epiphytes on leaves and branches in rain forests and temperate woods .
The two partners exchange nutrients .
The fungus gets the best of this exchange .
Algal cells are destroyed in the course of nutrient exchange .
The association continues because the algal cells divide faster than they are destroyed .
They make small groups of algal cells surrounded by fungal filaments .
These soridia can be blown by wind .
Many species of lichen are very sensitive to changes around them .
The association is able to continue because the cells reproduce faster than they are destroyed .
Many lichens reproduce asexually .
They make small groups of algal cells surrounded by fungal filaments as soredia .
The soridia can be dispersed by wind .
Many species of lichen are very sensitive to changes in their environment .
Lichen have a high level of acid .
Some lichen produce natural antibioticss that kill bacteria .
These compounds have had some use as primitive antibiotics for human use .
The bacterial or algal partners produce pigments that absorb sunlight in photosynthesis .
There are reports dating back almost 2000 years of lichens being used to extract purple and red colors .
Lichen have a very high level of acid .
Many lichens produce other substances .
These compounds have had economic importance as dyes such as cudbear or primitive antibiotics .
There are reports dating almost 2000 years of lichens being used to extract purple and red colors .
The substance olivetol is found in certain species of lichens .
Lichens can occur anywhere on land .
They are as epiphytes on leaves and branches in rain forests and temperate woods .
Lichens occur everywhere on land .
They are abundant as epiphytes on leaves and branches in rain forests and temperate woods .
Lichens are a symbiosis of at least two quite different organisms .
Botanists did not know this until about 1875 .
His troops needed more supplies and manpower .
He began searching for a base .
The first was Fort Zeelandia at the entrance to the bay at Tayoan which was the main Dutch settlement .
Hambroek did not do as he was asked and he was executed when he returned .
Koxinga 's fleet then began a bombardment .
The fleet arrived on July 5 and had some small fights with Koxinga 's fleet when it arrived .
The fleet arrived on July 5 and had some small scale confrontations with Koxinga 's fleet upon its arrival .
This event was said to be a war that determined the fate of Taiwan in the four hundred years .
The fleet arrived on July 5 and had some small scale confrontations with Koxinga 's fleet upon its arrival .
This event was said to be a war that determined the fate of Taiwan in the four hundred years after that .
Hambroek did not do as he was asked and he was executed when he returned .
Koxinga 's fleet then began a bombardment .
The fleet arrived on July 5 and had some small fights with Koxinga 's fleet when it arrived .
Koxinga sent a Dutch priest Anthonius Hambroek to ask for this surrender .
Hambroek dis not do this and he was killed after returning to Koxinga 's camp .
Koxinga then waited outside the fort .
The Dutch sent 10 ships and 700 sailors to help .
The ships arrived on July 5 and had some small fights with Koxinga 's fleet .
Koxinga then laid siege to the fort .
The fleet arrived on July 5 and had some small scale confrontations with Koxinga 's fleet upon its arrival .
European football might also be called soccer .
Their stadium is called Stadio Helvia Racina .
The chairman is named Massimo Paci .
He is the most important of everyone else who owns a part of the team .
The manager is named Francesco Nocera .
He makes most of the important decisions on the team .
Intercropping is growing two or more crops at the same time in the same field in a exact row pattern with the purpose of making more crops per unit area .
Intercropping is growing two or more crops simultaneously in the same field in a definite row pattern with the object of increasing productivity per unit area .
For nearly ten years he worked on the relationship of man to the apes .
The struggle between them ended in some severe defeats for Owen .
Huxley was an important public figure .
Huxley was for about thirty years evolution 's most effective champion .
It may be right to see Huxley as helping the secularisation of British society which gradually occurred over the following century .
Harvard University Press p80 Huxley more than anyone else was responsible for this trend in Britain .
For nearly ten years his work was directed mainly to the relationship of man to the apes .
The struggle was to end in some severe defeats for Owen .
When Huxley himself was young there were virtually no degrees in British universities in the biological sciences and few courses .
It may be right to see Huxley 's life and work as contributing to the secularisation of British society which gradually occurred over the following century .
Huxley worked on ten Royal and other commissions .
Huxley worked on ten royal and other commissions .
These are the senior investigative bodies in British life .
Huxley 's 1860 debate with the English Bishop Samuel Wilberforce was a famous public event .
Huxley 's 1860 debate with Bishop Samuel Wilberforce was a famous event which was widely reported in the press .
He did research on populations of these flies in Calfornia .
He was important in the modern evolutionary synthesis .
He was a central figure in the field of evolutionary biology for his work in shaping the unifying modern evolutionary synthesis .
Reel Big Fish is a ska punk band that started in 1992 .
The Ku Klux Klan is an example of a hate group .
The Ku Klux Klan are an example of a hate group .
A hate group is a group of people that want to or dislike other people .
A hate group is a group of people that want to hurt and be mean to other people .
It is a desert plant from dry Africa .
That means that it does not need to be watered every day .
It does not need sunlight to grow and can stay in the same pot for many years .
This plant grows better with less water than more water .
So you do n't have to be around to water it very few days .
It can stay in the same pot for years .
This plant will survive the severest neglect .
A trampoline is a recreational or competitive device designed to allow users to bounce on .
Trampolines allow users to bounce higher by storing energy in the springs as they land on the surface which then accelerates the user back away from the jumping surface as the springs contract .
A tranpoline is a cirular thrusting device which allows the user to elevate themselves by increasing their upward velocity .
Trampolines function by storing tension in a number of coiled metal rods .
It was probably created between the year 175 and 225 .
His father said this was a polite way of reminding everyone that his son was going to his successor .
His father said this was a polite way of reminding everyone that his son was going to be his successor .
Napoleon I then declared his son Emperor of the French but this was not official because the Bourbon Restoration was proclaimed immediately after the abdication of Napoleon I.
This idea has not found acceptance .
This a gift to France by the German dictator Adolf Hitler .
The remains of Napoleon I had been moved there on 15 December 1840 .
Later his remains were moved again into the lower church .
His father said this was a polite way of reminding everyone that his son was going to his successor .
Napoleon I then declared his son Emperor of the French but his succession was not officially proclaimed for the Bourbon Restoration was proclaimed immediately after the abdication of Napoleon I.
This was done as a gift to France by the German dictator Adolf Hitler .
The remains of Napoleon I were moved there on 15 December 1840 .
He holds the unusual distinction of being both the first titular president and the last monarch of France .
Volgograd developed from 1589 when the the fortress of Tsaritsyn was founded at the confluence of the Tsaritsa and Volga Rivers .
During the Russian Civil War the city was the scene of heavy fighting .
Volgograd originated with the foundation in 1589 of the fortress of Tsaritsyn at the confluence of the Tsaritsa and Volga Rivers .
The city was the scene of heavy fighting during the Russian Civil War .
Many times someone resigning will give a resignation speech explaining why they resigned and what their plans are for the future .
Many times someone resigning will give a resignation speech explaining why they resigned and what there plans are for the future .
The lava is usually rhyolitic and has a lot of silicates .
The lava is usually rhyolitic and rich in silicates .
These eruptions begin with clouds of volcanic ash and occasionally pyroclastic flows .
Sometimes the amount of magma erupted is so large that the top of the volcano collapses .
This leaves a caldera behind .
Plinian eruptions have columns of gas and volcanic ash high into the stratosphere .
There is a large amount of pumice into the atmosphere and very powerful gas blast eruptions .
Plinian eruptions are marked by columns of gas and volcanic ash extending high into the stratosphere .
The key characteristics are ejection of large amount of pumice and very powerful continuous gas blast eruptions .
Gwar formed on January 20th 1985 .
This album is the first album without former vocalist Joey doomface instead it features the band 's current singer Oderus Humomgous .
Gwar formed On January 20th 1985 .
This album is the first album without former vocalist Joey doomface instead it features the band 's curent singer Oderus Humomgous .
A black dwarf is created when a white dwarf becomes too cool .
Then it can no longer create large amounts of heat and light .
A black dwarf is created when a white dwarf becomes too cool and can no longer create large amounts of heat and light .
The land was part of the Donington Hall estate .
Tom Wheatcroft owns it .
The Formula One British Grand Prix will be at Donington Park from 2010 until 2020 .
Donington Park has a contract to stage the Formula One British Grand Prix for a period of ten years from 2010 .
Wining is achieved by reaching a certain number of counts agreed between the players to be the winning number .
When straight rail was first invented there was no on the manner of scoring .
Underneath the cloth of a billiard tables is a very hard rock called slate .
Heating table beds is an old practice .
To Heat Table for First Time In World Title Billiard Match .
Retrieved 2 January 2007 .
A win is achieved by reaching an agreed upon number of counts .
At straight rail 's inception there was no restriction on the manner of scoring .
When straight rail was first invented there was no restriction on the way points were scored .
This resulted in an 1862 rule which allowed only three counts before at least one ball had to be sent away from the corner in orer to legally score another point .
Techniques continued to develop which increased counts greatly despite the crotching ban .
It was succeeded by a game designed to curb the use of the rail nurse so that spectators would not be bored by watching it .
This was not sufficient to stop nursing .
Wining is achieved by reaching a certain number of counts agreed between the players to be the winning number .
When straight rail was first invented there was no on the manner of scoring .
Professional straight rail in the US only had a six year run from 1873 to 1879 .
It was succeeded by a game specifically designed to curb the use of the rail nurse so that spectators would not be subject to its repetitiveness .
Balkline came after the champion 's game .
It added more rules to stop nursing techniques .
The balk spaces define areas of the surface of the table where a player may only score up to a certain number of points while the object balls are within that region .
This is done by drawing balklines a certain distance across the length and the width of the table .
The line are drawn a number of inches parallel from each rail .
This divides the table into eight rectangular areas called balkspaces .
The anchor spaces were added to the game to stop nursing techniques that developed especially for the challenges of balkline without them .
Balkline games are named by giving two numbers that tell us about these spacing and how many points can be scored in each balk space .
The first number that is assigned tells us how many inches from the rail the balkine will be drawn .
There are many variation of balkline but all divide the table into marked regions called balk spaces .
Such balk spaces define areas of the in which a player may only score up to a threshold number of points while the are within that region .
This divides the table into eight rectangular balkspaces .
At least one publication states he invented the game as well .
The tournament was won by New Yorker Leon Magnus .
At least one publication categorically states he invented the game as well .
The tourney was won by New Yorker Leon Magnus .
Many people are more familiar with billiard tables that have pockets .
The date the game was invented is not exactly known .
The word carom simply means any strike and bounce off of something .
It started being used to describe the pocketless billiard games in the 1860s .
The accuracy of the fruit origin has been questioned .
The date the game was invented is not known exactly .
Its return was for similar reasons as to why balkline developed .
It was frustration by many people with straight rail .
The heat was used to keep ivory balls from going out of shape .
It was frustration of many people with straight rail .
It was frustration from many people with straight rail .
One Time is most popular song .
Bieber finished in second place .
He signed to a record deal with Usher .
His single Baby featured Ludacris .
One Time is his hit song .
Bieber had finished in second place .
He is currently signed to a record deal with Usher .
One of his recently released singles called Baby featured Ludacris .
Jimmy Wales is a fluffy chicken .
It is usually found in hollow tvb bgtuvhjvhfhyighhhfugvhfgdihgree trunks .
The Brown recluse spider is a very venomous spider .
It is usually found in hollow tree trunks .
The Manchukuo yuan would buy 24 grams of silver in 1932 .
The price of silver changed and the yuan would not buy 24 grams of silver .
To show that the yuan had value it was made equal to Japanese money .
The Japanese money was called the yen .
The paper money was in five values in 1932 .
Each piece of paper money is called a note .
A new 1000 yuan note was made in 1944 .
The paper money or notes had pictures of Chinese emperors printed on them .
The money was first made in Japan .
Coins were made that were worth 5 li and bigger values .
The largest value coin was 10 fen .
Standard Catalog of World Coins These are a rare coins as they are not made of metal .
Paper money and coins were first made by the Bank of Japan .
Throughout this period about half the value of the issued notes was backed by specie reserves .
Coins were issued in denominations of 5 li up to 10 fen .
He mainly painted still lifes .
He signed works between 1683 and 1707 .
He painted small and unpretentious still lifes .
His style resembles that of other painters who lived during the first half of the 18th century .
He was one of the last practitioners of this intimate category .
Very little is known about his life .
Hw was probably born in Middelburg and also died there .
Osteoporosis is caused in lack of calcium .
It is the weakening of bones in the body .
Some side effects are limping .
Thus the Jordan did not have an entry in the first edition .
The longest article is Land of Israel which takes all of volume 6 .
Next in size is United States of America .
The large size of the aleph articles reflects the enthusiasm of the early editors .
It became clear that the encyclopedia would never come to an end .
The final size of the encylcopedia was smaller than planned .
Thus the Kingdom of Jordan did not warrant an entry in the first edition .
Some people felt it was very important to be included in the encyclopedia .
They would ask the editors to make sure they had an article about them .
For places which were under Nazi rule an account is given of the Jewish community during the Holocaust .
Writers of the encyclopedia did not hide their Jewish views .
The Jordan was not in the first edition .
The letter Aleph contains the largest number of articles .
This was demonstrated by the fact there were people that felt a driving need to be included in the encyclopedia as a sort of stamp of approval of their importance and position .
Such was the case with the articles on Haim Arlosoroff and on Adolf Hitler .
For places which were under Nazi rule a detailed account is given of the fate of its Jewish community during the Holocaust .
The encyclopedia provides an account of the Jews living there .
Thus the Jordan did not have an entry in the first edition .
This was the year that Israel became a country .
The writing took more than thirty years .
An index was not printed until 1985 .
The supervisor was always Alexander Plai .
This was the year that Isarael became a country .
An index volume was printed in 1985 .
Joshua Prawer .
The editorial supervisor throughout all the volumes was Alexander Plai .
The Embassy of Russia in Copenhagen is the embassy of Russia to Denmark .
The building is heritage listed .
The Embassy of Russia in Copenhagen is the diplomatic mission of the Russian Federation to the Kingdom of Denmark .
The building and garage are heritage listed buildings .
The both were placed on the register of the Heritage Agency of Denmark on 3 December 1991 .
Gardeners creating a large garden .
Scheel was a Danish actress and became the last private owner of the mansion .
Scheel was an animal lover and was regarded as being eccentric .
Scheel kept a hen house in the yard and sold eggs to her neighbors .
During the occupation of Denmark by Nazi Germany the mansion was the headquarters of the Northern Society .
The Jim Crow laws were a number of laws of the United States .
The Jim Crow laws is the name given to a number of laws of the United States .
The Jim Crow laws were a number of fags of the United States .
The Jim Crow laws were a number of laws of the United States .
He is known for the first successful making of tobacco as an export crop in the Colony of Virginia .
The game is about you catching different kinds of mice using different traps and bases and different kinds of cheeses .
You must different kinds of mice using traps and bases and different kinds of cheeses .
Tu nomine sia sanctificate !
Tu regno que veni !
Proque tues son le regno e la potentia e la gloria por totas las epochas .
Que veni ti regno !
Proque le regno e le potentia e le gloria son ties por tote le epochas .
Que tu nome sia sanctificate !
Que tu reino veni !
Que tu voluntat sia facte sure terra como in cielo !
E perdona nos nostre ofensas como nos perdona a nostre ofensores .
Stark in the 1980s and first published on the internet in 1996 .
The language also has an more clearly developed system for showing case distinctions in its pronouns .
It is hoped that the spread and use of Latino Moderne may assist in solving some of the communication problems that exist in the European Union and throughout the modern world .
The latino moderne is a constructed by David Stark in 1996 .
The Grandfather tells stories in answer to her questions .
Then Grandma suddenly dies and the little girl and her grandfather are sad and comfort each other .
The Grandfather tells imaginative stories in answer to her questions .
Then Grandma suddenly dies and the little girl and her grandfather mourn together .
It was first in 2000 .
It was first published in 2000 .
This also promotes BookCrossing and creates more members .
This also advertises BookCrossing and creates more members .
The surrounding area is called the Bukit Timah .
The surrounding area is called theBukit Timah .
The name of the hill for the map probably came from the Malay people .
Some say Bukit Timah has nothing to do with tin .
Bukit Timah Road also witnessed the last defensive stand against the invading Japanese army .
Bukit Timah is also an area that houses many expensive landed properties as well as high rise condominiums .
The surrounding area is called the Bukit Timah .
The hill was on the map as the eastern source of the Kranji River .
The road to Kranji was completed in 1845 .
This only refers to the lower end of the Bukit Timah Road .
The Wayang Satu and Bukit Timah village parts are differently called .
The Bukit Timah area is a particularly prominent location with a high land value .
The nature reserve was established in 1883 .
Many expatriates and well heeled Singaporeans tend to stay in this region .
The rise in land prices has led to development of new condominiums .
The Keretapi Tanah Melayu from Malaysia has a passing loop station here along its rail network from Johor Bahru to Tanjong Pagar .
Bukit Timah is also the the name of a hill in Singapore .
At 164 metres it is the highest point in Singapore .
Schiff is a graduate of Phillips Academy .
She earned her degree from Williams College in 1982 .
Tenure commonly refers to life tenure in a job and to a senior academic 's contractual right not to have their job ended without just cause .
Tenure commonly refers to life tenure in a job and specifically to a senior academic 's contractual right not to have their position terminated without just cause .
DAVID LORTIE EST BEAU !
Many of the Vikings were tall and had red or blonde hair and beards .
Villages on or near any coast in early medieval Europe lived in great fear of Viking attacks .
The Circus Surprise is a children 's book written by Ralph Fletcher with pictures drawn by Vladimir Vagin .
Nick is taken to the circus as a surprise for his .
A clown on s comes to help him .
The clown puts him on his shoulders and they locate his parents .
The Circus Surprise is a children 's book written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Vladimir Vagin .
Nick is taken to the circus as a surprise for his birthday .
A clown on stilts comes to his rescue and put him on his shoulders and they locate his parents .
It was first in 2003 by Clarion Books .
The moon sets in the as the young girl and her cat say goodnight .
It was first published in 2003 by Clarion Books .
The moon sets in the daylight as the young girl and her cat say goodnight .
Shawn Brommer in his review for School Library Journal said Fletcher 's poetic prose makes use of gentle tempo and internal rhyme .
Terry Day in her review for Library Media Connection described it as a beautifully written and illustrated book .
The voice is that of a young man and the poems trace the development of a from the start with the first poem First Look through its end with the last poem Seeds .
The poetic voice is that of a young male and the poems trace the development of a relationship from the beginning with the first poem First Look through its demise with the last poem Seeds .
Patti Sylvester Spencer in her review for The Book Report said Fletcher 's language invites thought through accessible metaphors and meaningful situations relevant to toe contemporary youth .
These responsive poems are certain to draw passionate discussion and possibly unlock real creative writing among young adults .
It was first in 1997 .
It was first published in 1997 .
The poems in this collection would make strong choices for reading aloud throughout the year .
It was first in 2001 .
Thirty three first person poems that describe different times during an eleven year old boy 's day at the beach .
It was first published in 2001 .
Thirty three first person poems that describe various moments during an eleven year old boy 's day at the beach .
Piracy is a crime that people do on ships which are at sea .
Piracy is something people do .
It is also legal to copy a CD incase the original gets damaged but it is illegal to lend it to a friend .
Producers of things such as music or movies loose money when people make illegal copies of their work and this means that they loose sales .
Piracy is when somebody illegally copies another persons work to sell onto other people for profit .
It includes making copies of DVDS or music and is generally illegal in countries .
Free use is a term related to piracy which gives you the right to copy an item such as a movie that a TV station plays .
It is also legal to copy a CD incase the original gets damaged but it is illegal to lend it to a friend .
Producers of things such as music or movies loose money when people make illegal copies of their work and this means that they loose sales .
Those who hold the copyright often claim that they lose profit because of software piracy .
In some countries this is a crime .
Piracy over the net is done by lots of people .
It is bad for the manufacturing companies as they lose lots of profit to pirates .
The population was 304 at the 2000 census .
Fantasy Cave was reopened in the summer of 2001 with all the pathways having been rebuilt and additional lighting added .
Fantasy Cave was reopened in the summer of 2001 with all the pathways rebuilt and lit by artificial lighting .
Fantasy Cave was reopened in the summer of 2001 with all the walking paths having been rebuilt and additional lighting added .
Fantasy Cave was reopened in the summer of 2001 with all the pathways having been rebuilt and additional lighting added .
Kane was selected to compete with Team USA in the 2010 Winter Olympic Games .
The name of the person to whom it is awarded shall be stamped on the rim of the Medal .
The name of the recipient shall be stamped on the rim of the Medal .
They are very useful because they describe the physics of many things of academic and economic interest .
They are exceptionally useful because they describe the physics of many things of academic and economic interest .
The public learned of the fact that the doctors had been fooled and this created panic within the medical profession .
William Hogarth was very critical of the medical profession .
The public mockery which followed created panic within the medical profession .
The pictorial satirist and social critic William Hogarth was notably critical of the gullibility of the medical profession .
Omegle allows one to talk with one person anonymously and randomly .
Omegle allows one to have a conversation with one person anonymously and randomly .
The area where Kowloon Walled City was located is now called Kowloon City .
The area where it was located is now called Kowloon City .
The table was bought by her parents to keep her four brothers out of local pool rooms .
Her father supported her play but did not participate much .
Many people assume that Balukas was taught the game by an expert .
This made somewhat Balukas well know .
On that show a panel of people ask questions trying to find out the secret of the guests .
Many have assumed that she had been tutored in the game .
Balukas 's first began to play pool at the age of 4 years .
She participated in the public event with many people watching and with journalists present .
This made the very young Balukas somehwat well know .
This made somewhat Balukas well know .
On that show a panel of people ask questions trying to find out the secret of the guests .
Balukas was not just talented at pool but was a good athlete at other sports .
Balkukas won with 192 points .
She also became no longer able to be given a college athletic scholarship .
The closest male is Steve Mizerak with four wins to Balukas 's seven .
Balukas has won numerous other titles including a string of six wins at the World Open Pocket Billiard Championships .
She also became no longer for a college athletic scholarship .
She also became no longer able to be given a college athletic scholarship .
It was thousht that this was need so that she would be able to compete more evenly with Mosconi .
Balukas beat Mosconi at both games .
This meant that Balukas would be competing in both the women 's and men 's divisions of the tournament to be held on August 12 of that year at the Biltmore Hotel located at 43rd Street and Madison Avenue Madison Avenue in New York City .
Balukas played against the men in a number of competitions .
Her final rank in the tournament was 22nd .
She also competed in the women 's division of that tournament and was the cmapion .
Mosconi lost at both disciplines .
This meant that she would be competing in both the women 's and men 's divisions of the tournament to be held on August 12 of that year at the Biltmore Hotel located at 43rd Street and Madison Avenue in New York City .
Balukas took a stand that the women should not be treated differently than the men .
She refused to go and buy other clothing that would meet the unequal rule .
The women held a vote on whether Balukas should be allowed to play .
In the letter the WPBA said the facts were different than reported .
The women held a vote as to whether Balukas should be allowed to play .
Balukas was considered a rare young talent .
She came to the public 's attention first at just 6 years of age at a pool event held at New York City 's Grand Central Station .
She refused to go and buy other clothing that would comply with the unequal rule .
She did not agree with the guesses of other people that her rivals really had their own at heart .
Bell was Balukas ' best friend on the women 's tour .
She had never beaten Balukas but had been playing very strongly in the tournament .
In nine ball a person win the game if they sink the 9 ball on the break .
Thus Bell made the score five to 2 without having to battle with Balukas on the table .
The referee warned Balukas and play continued .
Balukas was very angry about the sanction .
She refused to pay it .
She turned down offers by others to pay the fine for her .
The sides were at an .
Balukas refused to pay and the WPBA refused to lift the sanction .
She refused to go and buy other clothing that would meet the unequal rule .
The sides were at an impasse .
Balukas refused to relent and the WPBA refused to lift the sanction and would not allow Balukas to play again until she paid the fine .
The terms of a the match were that the winner would be whoever won nine games first .
The microphone permitted others to hear that she had said something .
She refused to pay .
In nine ball a person win the game if they sink the 9 ball on the break .
She refused to pay it .
The sides were at an .
Balukas refused to pay and the WPBA refused to lift the sanction .
She to pay .
Balukas had faced other problems before she stopped competing .
Balukas heard many complaints from the men upon her entry to a Chicago tournament in 1988 .
She agreed not to play .
She refused to pay .
Balukas had also felt some heat from her solo venture into the men 's arena .
There were other factors at play .
By that time she had won the World Straight Pool Championship women 's division eight of the prior nine years .
She had been honored as Billiard Congress of America Player of the Year five times .
She had been honored as BCA Player of the Year five times .
This was not on one of the tables in her father 's pool room .
Balukas played with a cue stick that had ivory details .
At 5 and 6 years of age she would practice a game called straight pool to 50 points after family dinners .
Many people that Balukas was taught the game by an expert .
She beat her adult opponent to the crowd 's applause .
She won 5th place .
All her opponents were adults .
By that time she was already fairly famous .
Sh had appeared on other television programs with a number of billiard stars and other celebrities .
Many people assume that Balukas was taught the game by an expert .
She won 5th place among a field of adults .
She won titles in tennis and bowling .
She also became no longer a college athletic scholarship .
She also became no longer for a college athletic scholarship .
This meant that Balukas would be competing in both the women 's and men 's sides of the tournament .
The tournament was to be held on August 12 of that year at the Biltmore Hotel located at 43rd Street and Madison Avenue Madison Avenue in New York City .
Balukas played against men in a number of other competitions .
The match was billed on the television schedule as part of a Challenge of the Sexes .
That year it was played at New York City 's Roosevelt Hotel .
Her final in the tournament was 22nd .
She also played on the women 's side and was the champion .
This meant that Balukas would be competing in both the women 's and men 's divisions of the tournament to be held on August 12 of that year at the Biltmore Hotel located at 43rd Street and Madison Avenue Madison Avenue in New York City .
Balukas played against men in a number of competitions .
Her final rank in the tournament was 22nd .
At the end 42 men trailed her in the rankings .
She also competed in the women 's division of that tournament and was the champion .
She had never beaten Balukas before .
Bell then made the 9 ball on the break shot two games in a row .
The referee Balukas and play continued .
Balukas was very angry about the fine .
The sides were deadlocked .
Balukas refused to pay and the WPBA refused to lift the fine .
They would not allow Balukas to play again until she paid .
Another professional Loree Jon Jones Was also interviewed .
She had never beaten Balukas but had been playing very strongly in the tournament .
In nine ball a person win the game if they sink the 9 ball on the break .
The referee warned Balukas and play continued .
Balukas was very angry about the sanction .
The sides were at an .
Balukas refused to pay and the WPBA refused to lift the sanction .
The terms of a the match were that the winner would be whoever won nine games first .
Balukas something about Bell having gotten lucky .
The microphone permitted others to hear that she had said something .
She to pay it .
Balukas had faced other problems before she stopped competing .
Balukas heard many complaints from the men upon her entry to a Chicago tournament in 1988 .
She agreed not to play .
She refused to pay it .
Balukas had also felt some heat from her solo venture into the men 's arena .
There were other factors at play .
By that time she had won the World Straight Pool Championship women 's division eight of the prior nine years .
She had been honored as Billiard Congress of America Player of the Year five times .
She had been honored as BCA Player of the Year five times .
The highway is long .
The road passes several historical landmarks along its path .
Route 308 was officially formed during 1930 .
The route originally extended from Milan westward to Rhinecliff to serve a ferry landing on the Hudson River .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 .
The road begins at US 9 in the village of Rhinebeck .
The place it starts at is above sea level .
The road intersects with County Route 101 and then turns to the north .
It also intersects with Route 9G before it turns to the east into a rural area .
There are many small lakes around the road as it intersects with County Route 52 and turns to the northeast .
NY 308 then travels west of Sepasco Lake before turning east again .
It ends at NY 199 in the town of Milan .
It intersects with NY 9G via an interchange before crossing the stream and gradually turning to the east into a relatively rural area .
NY 308 then travels west of Sepasco Lake before turning on an eastward route once again .
The earliest people that lived in northern Dutchess County were the Mohicans .
A smaller group of these Native Americans were known as the Sepasco Indians .
The last Sepasco Indian died in 1867 in a hut near Lake Sepasco .
This trail started at the Hudson River and went east through the village of Rhinebeck .
It ended at Lake Sepasco .
Part of the trail from Rhinebeck to Lake Sepasco follows about the same path that is currently taken by Route 308 .
The turnpike corporation operated through the late 19th century .
Part of the trail from Rhinebeck to Lake Sepasco follows about the same path that is today taken by Route 308 .
NY 308 itself was officially made during 1930 .
Part of the trail from Rhinebeck to Lake Sepasco follows about the same path that is currently taken by Route 308 .
NY 308 itself was officially formed during 1930 .
In his first semester he found it too legalistic in both assignments and rules .
In his first semester he found it too legalistic in both assignments and rules .
God can use that voice of yours .
He can use it mightily .
A Reverend Billy Graham Memorial Park is today located on the Hillsborough River directly east of the 18th hole green .
In the first semester he found it too legalistic in both coursework and rules .
A Reverend Billy Graham Memorial Park is today located on the Hillsborough River directly east of the 18th hole green there .
The Los Angeles revival is thought to be the time when Graham became a national religious figure .
Most people believe that he liked him for his love for his country .
He erected a series of circus tents in a parking lot .
The missions went on for eight weeks after being originally scheduled for only three weeks .
The Los Angeles revival is considered to be the time when Graham became a national religious figure .
Hearst sent a telegram to his newspaper editors reading Puff Graham during Billy Graham 's late 1949 Los Angeles crusade .
A memorial there marks the site of his decision .
In his first semester he found it too legalistic in both assignments and rules .
God can use that voice of yours .
He can use it mightily .
A Reverend Billy Graham Memorial Park is today located on the Hillsborough River directly east of the 18th hole green .
A memorial there marks the site of Graham 's decision .
She looked at me and our eyes met and I felt that she was definitely the woman I wanted to marry .
She looked at me and our eyes met and I felt that she was definitely the woman I wanted to marry .
Graham was ordained a Southern Baptist minister in 1939 .
He would later travel throughout the United States and Europe as an evangelist .
He traveled throughout the United States and in Europe as an evangelist .
He also opposed racial segregation during the 1960s and refused to speak to segregated auditoriums .
He even once tore down the ropes that had been put up to separate the audience .
He invited King to join him in the pulpit at his revival in New York City in 1957 .
Graham had missions in London which lasted 12 weeks and a New York City mission in Madison Square Garden in 1957 which ran nightly for 16 weeks .
He also appeared in North Korea in 1992 .
Billy Graham has preached Christianity to live audiences of nearly 215 million people in more than 185 countries and territories .
He appeared in North Korea in 1992 .
He similarly spoke at the memorial service following the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995 .
Billy Graham has preached Christianity to live audiences of nearly 215 million people in more than 185 countries and territories through various meetings including Mission World and Global Mission .
Billy Graham has carried out over 41 evangelistic crusades since 1948 .
Graham has had a personal audience with every United States President since Harry Truman .
Eisenhower asked to see Graham while on his deathbed .
We as clergy know so very little to speak with authority on the Panama Canal or superiority of armaments .
Evangelists can not be closely identified with any particular party or person .
I have n't been faithful to my own advice in the past .
I will be in the future .
Graham has had a personal audience with every sitting United States President since Harry Truman .
Eisenhower asked to see Graham on his deathbed .
Graham enjoyed a friendship with Nixon and prominently supported him over Kennedy in the 1960 presidential election .
Graham has also spoken at one presidential funeral and one presidential burial .
Graham also spoke at the funeral of former First Lady Pat Nixon in June 1993 .
He also spoke at the funeral of Richard Nixon in 1994 .
It is some of the people in that regime .
There had been some problems over where the burial place would be .
Graham 's younger son Ned had argued with older son Franklin if a burial at a library was right .
Where she had lived for many years .
There had been controversy over where the burial place would be .
Graham 's younger son Ned had argued with older son Franklin about whether burial at a library was appropriate .
Franklin wanted his parents to be buried at the library site .
Malcolm Boyd said he was not happy with Graham 's silence involving the Vietnam War and Watergate scandals .
This has created problems since most Christians believe Jesus is the only way to God .
Malcolm Boyd voiced disappointment at Graham 's silence and alleged hypocrisy involving the Vietnam War and Watergate scandal .
Graham had been a friend of the Reagans for years .
Graham received the Big Brother of the Year Award for his work on behalf of children .
The Billy Graham Children 's Health Center in Asheville is named after and funded by him .
Graham has been a friend of the Reagans for years .
Graham received the Big Brother of the Year Award for his work on behalf of children .
The Billy Graham Children 's Health Center in Asheville is named after and funded by Graham .
Graham has preached in person to more people than anyone who has ever lived .
Graham has preached in person to more people around the world than anyone who has ever lived .
This made them hate alcohol for the rest of their lives .
This made them both hate alcohol for the rest of their lives .
The two later lived in a log cabin made by her .
This is because Graham got help from the powerful newspaper man William Randolph Hearst .
Graham did n't want to speak to segregated auditoriums .
Graham got the Big Brother of the Year Award for his work on behalf of children .
The two later lived in a log cabin designed by her .
This is because Graham received help from the powerful newspaper man William Randolph Hearst .
Graham refused to speak to segregated auditoriums .
Graham received the Big Brother of the Year Award for his work on behalf of children .
It was during his time at Wheaton College that Graham decided to take the Bible as the perfect Word of God .
A memorial marks the site of this choice .
Her parents were Presbyterian missionaries in China .
Ruth saud that he wanted to please God more than any man I 'd ever met .
They would later marry two months after graduation .
The two later lived in a log cabin that she had made .
It was during his time at Wheaton College that Graham decided to take the Bible as the always correct Word of God .
A memorial there marks the site of this decision .
Ruth thought that he wanted to please God more than any man I 'd ever met .
They married two months after graduating from college .
The two later lived in a log cabin made by her .
While he was at Wheaton College that Graham decided to take the Bible as the perfect Word of God .
A memorial marks the place of this choice .
Ruth said that he wanted to please God more than any man I 'd ever met .
They later married two months after they graduated form college .
They later lived in a log cabin that she had made .
A friend then told him that his radio program Songs in the Night was about to be ended because of too little money .
So he had to forget going there .
He soon started Youth for Christ with evangelist Charles Templeton .
He traveled all through the United States and Europe as an evangelist .
Graham held several revival meetings in Los Angeles in 1949 .
The revivals are thought to be the time when Graham became a national religious figure .
This is because he got help from the powerful newspaper man William Randolph Hearst .
This was strange because the two never met .
Many people believe that Hearst liked Graham for his love of his country .
The result of the media learning talking more about this made the crusade event to run for about eight full weeks .
This was five weeks longer than they had planned .
Henry Luce put Graham on the cover of Time magazine in 1954 .
NBC wanted to give him a five million dollar contract to go on television .
He turned it down to stay with his revivals .
Graham had missions in both London and the Madison Square Garden in 1957 .
The London mission lasted 12 weeks and the New York mission was about 16 weeks .
Graham was the president of Northwestern College in Minnesota from 1948 to 1952 .
He also spoke against racial segregation during the 1960s .
He even once tore down ropes that had been put up to split the audience .
That was during the 1960s American Civil Rights Movement .
He asked King to join him in the pulpit at the revival meeting at New York City in 1957 .
Graham said that he had to retire because of his failing health .
Billy Graham has preached Christianity to nearly 215 million people in more than 185 countries and territories .
He has been to over 41 evangelistic crusades since 1948 .
Graham would preach the gospel and then invite people to come forward .
It was during his time at Wheaton College that Graham decided to take the Bible as the perfect Word of God .
A memorial marks the site of this choice .
Ruth saud that he wanted to please God more than any man I 'd ever met .
They would later marry two months after graduation .
The two later lived in a log cabin that she had made .
He would later travel throughout the United States and Europe as an evangelist .
Graham scheduled a series of revival meetings in Los Angeles in 1949 .
The Los Angeles revival is thought to be the time when Graham became a national religious figure .
This is because Graham got help from the powerful newspaper man William Randolph Hearst .
This was believed to be strange because the two never met .
Most people believe that Hearst liked Graham for his love of his country .
The result of more media exposure from Hearst 's newspaper chain and national magazines caused the crusade event to run for eight weeks .
This was five weeks longer than planned .
Henry Luce put him on the cover of Time in 1954 .
He turned it down in order to stay with his tour of revivals .
Graham had missions in both London and New York City 's Madison Square Garden in 1957 .
The London mission lasted 12 weeks and the New York mission was 16 weeks long .
Graham served as the president of Northwestern College in Minnesota from 1948 to 1952 .
He also was against racial segregation during the 1960s .
He even once tore down the ropes that had been put up to separate the audience .
He asked King to join him in the pulpit at his revival in New York City in 1957 .
Graham said that his planned retirement was because of his failing health .
Billy Graham has preached Christianity to live audiences of nearly 215 million people in more than 185 countries and territories .
He has carried out over 41 evangelistic crusades since 1948 .
Graham has been honored in public surveys many times .
Including the Greatest Living American .
He has been talked about by the George Washington Carver Memorial Institute for his work with things about race .
The Billy Graham Children 's Health Center in Asheville is named after him .
Graham had been a friend of the Reagans for years .
He has been cited by the George Washington Carver Memorial Institute for his contributions to race relations .
The Billy Graham Children 's Health Center in Asheville is named after and funded by him .
He has not completely a religious right person .
Because he says that Jesus did not have a political party .
Graham has met every United States President since Harry Truman .
Graham spent the last night of Johnson 's presidency in the White House .
He was also there for the first night of Nixon 's .
Nixon appeared at one of Graham 's revivals in East Tennessee in 1970 .
It had one of the biggest crowds ever to gather in Tennessee .
They did later become better friends again .
Bill Clinton went to one of Graham 's New York revivals in 2005 .
Because of recent hip surgery .
Graham has been spoke against communism .
He said that he a different kind of communist and one of the great fighters for freedom in his country against the Japanese .
There had been some talk about where the burial place would be .
That was where she had lived for many years .
Graham has had a personal audience with every United States President since Harry Truman .
There had been some disputes over where the burial place would be .
The problems with that were not the same as Graham 's public image .
But Jewish groups did n't really notice .
He called it a stranglehold in 1972 .
Malcolm Boyd said he was not happy with Graham 's silence with the Vietnam War and Watergate scandals .
Leaders of the Southern Baptist Convention did n't like Graham 's view of baptism .
He has mostly supported the believer 's baptism view .
All of Graham 's children were baptized as babies .
His not wanting to convert Jews to Christianity was not the same as most in the Southern Baptist Convention .
This has made problems since most Christians believe Jesus is the only way to God .
Malcolm Boyd said he was not happy with Graham 's silence involving the Vietnam War and Watergate scandals .
Leaders of the Southern Baptist Convention criticized Graham for his view of baptism .
All of Graham 's children were baptized as infants .
This has created problems since most Christians believe Jesus is the only way to God .
He then went to see the local evangelist Mordecai Ham .
While he was at Wheaton College Graham decided to take the Bible as the perfect Word of God .
He was then went see the local evangelist Mordecai Ham .
While he was at Wheaton College that Graham decided to take the Bible as the perfect Word of God .
Graham held many revival meetings in Los Angeles in 1949 .
Therefore he had to forget going there .
Graham held several revival meetings in Los Angeles in 1949 .
That did not fit to Graham 's public image .
Leaders of the Southern Baptist Convention disagree with Graham 's view of baptism .
Graham has mostly supported believer 's baptism which is the baptism of people who are old enough to understand their own beliefs .
Malcolm Boyd said he was not happy with Graham 's silence with the Vietnam War and Watergate scandals .
Leaders of the Southern Baptist Convention did n't like Graham 's view of baptism .
He has mostly supported the believer 's baptism view .
This was like Haldeman had written .
He called it a in 1972 .
He called it a stranglehold in 1972 .
Desertification is when vegetation in a specific area is unable to survive under certain conditions or they are killed .
This causes the area to dry up and then has a lack of vegetation .
This can cause a lot of soil erosion and the land then becomes infertile so farmers are unable to produce crops or graze livestock in that area .
This causes farmers to travel to another place and to plant crops and cut down trees in other areas .
Desertification is the expansion of desert to the surrounding areas .
Desertification usually happens on the edge of deserts .
Desertification is when vegetation in a specific area can not survive under special conditions or they are killed .
This makes the area dry up and the plants die .
There is more desertification each year .
Desertification is when vegetation in a specific area is unable to survive under certain conditions or they are killed .
This causes the area to dry up and then has a lack of vegetation .
This causes farmers to travel to another place and to plant crops and cut down trees in other areas .
Desertification is the expansion of desert into the surrounding areas .
The desert area in the world is increasing .
Desertification usually occurs on the edge of deserts .
Desertification is when vegetation in a specific area can not survive under special conditions or they are killed .
This makes the area dry up and the plants die .
This can cause a lot of soil erosion and the land then becomes infertile so farmers are unable to produce crops or graze livestock in that area .
There is more desertification each year .
Marked normally have stripes on the top and sides of their bodies .
Marked singles normally have stripes on the top and sides of their bodies .
An early astrolabe was made in the Hellenistic world in 150 BC .
It is often attributed to Hipparchus .
Theon of Alexandria wrote a complex book on the astrolabe .
But says that Ptolemy used an astrolabe to make the astronomy observations recorded in the Tetrabiblos .
An early astrolabe was made in the Hellenistic world in 150 BC and is often attributed to Hipparchus .
Rodgers would be called featured with along with the former Queen members .
Rodgers would be labeled as featured with along with the former Queen members .
The album received mostly bad reviews and it did not sell very many copies .
The album received mostly bad reviews it did not sell very many copies .
It is persistent stress which can lead to illness and mental disorder .
A guitar company called ESP Guitars makes a guitar which looks exactly like Hanneman 's main onstage guitar and is called the ESP Jeff Hanneman Signature Model .
A guitar company called ESP Guitars makes a guitar which looks exactly like Hanneman 's and is called the ESP Jeff Hanneman Signature Model .
The New York Yankees won the series to take the 2009 World Series 4 games to 3 .
The New York Yankees win the series to take the 2009 World Series 4 games to 3 .
The typhoon was also the most intense tropical cyclone in the world .
They believe that one or both of the two may have been stronger than Typhoon Tip .
The records set by Tip still stand .
Three low pressure areas formed the monsoon trough that extended from the Philippines to the Marshall Islands .
An area of disturbed weather to the southwest of Guam eventually strengthened into Tropical Storm Roger on October 3 .
The tropical disturbance moved slowly and and slowly made a loop to the southeast of Chuuk .
A Reconnaissance Aircraft flight into the system late on October 4 confirmed the existence of a circulation center .
Three circulations developed within the monsoon trough that extended from the Philippines to the Marshall Islands .
What was left of the cyclone kept moving northeastward and slowly lost strength .
It was last observed near Alaska .
The typhoon continued rapidly northeastward through the country and became an extratropical cyclone over northern Honsh a few hours after moving ashore .
It was last observed near the Aleutian Islands near Alaska .
The outer rainbands of Tip dropped moderate rain in the mountains of the Philippine island of Luzon .
The outer rainbands of the large circulation of Tip produced moderate rainfall in the mountainous regions of the Philippine island of Luzon .
Winds in mainland Japan are not fully known .
The typhoon did many millions of dollars in damage to farming and fishing industries of the country .
A Chinese freighter broke in half as a result of the typhoon .
Its crew of 46 people was rescued .
Tip was called the most severe storm to strike Japan in 13 years .
The passage of the typhoon through the region resulted in millions of dollars in damage to the agricultural and fishing industries of the country .
Tip was described as the most severe storm to strike Japan in 13 years .
FOX Sports is a sports broadcast on Fox television networks .
Fox Sports is a sports broadcast on Fox television networks .
The IAHD is a non profit foundation and all the people on the board are volunteers .
There are also volunteers in regions around the world .
Physical exercise helps people improve their health both physically and mentally .
A person with a disability gets these benefits as well as increased social activity by taking up an activity like scuba diving .
The risks in training a disabled person in diving are no higher than for able bodied people .
Instructors may have to alter some of the techniques and some equipment may also need changing to meet the individual 's need .
In some extreme cases even individual lessons may be needed .
IAHD believes that people with a disability should be in a regular class at some point in their training .
Being involved with activities like scuba diving may even result in giving a person with a disability a renewed interest in life and provide positive and lasting benefits .
The IAHD is a non profit foundation .
All board members are volunteers .
There is an increasing number of regional representatives around the world that support local IAHD members in their region on behalf of the IAHD board .
By interacting with others the individual is also quite likely to have an improved social life .
Imagine then the significance of this to a physically disabled individual .
Equipment may also require modifying to meet the individual 's need .
It is also important to note that two people with exactly the same injury can have totally different abilities in the water .
The rewards in training physically disabled divers are immense .
The outcome of successful training may even result in giving the disabled student a renewed interest in life and provide positive and lasting consequences .
Reverberation is a when Sound waves continue to vibrate after the original source of the sound has stopped omitting sound .
In an empty room or hall the reflected sound can take a long time to die away .
Concert halls are very carefully designed with absorbers to ensure the right amount of reverberation .
They by wrapping their arms around the trunk of a tree and hopping with their strong back legs .
They have very good jumping ability and can jump from trees to the ground from thirty feet up without hurting themselves .
They by wrapping their arms around the trunk of a tree and hopping with their powerful back legs .
They have fantastic jumping ability and can jump from trees to the ground from thirty feet up without hurting themselves .
This meant that all the ecological niches occupied by mammals in other lands were occupied in New Zealand by either insects or birds .
This meant that all the ecological niches occupied by mammals in other places were occupied in New Zealand by either insects or birds .
Red Bull Racing is a Formula One team owned by Austrian beverage company Red Bull .
The Red Bull team is based in Milton Keynes in the UK but holds an Austrian licence .
The team is based in Milton Keynes in the UK but holds an Austrian licence .
He was one of the most famous country and western singers during his 40 year career .
He was one of the most popular and successful country and western singers during the span of his 40 year career .
He was one of the most famous country singers during his 40 year career .
He was one of the most famous country and western singers during his 40 year career .
He began working at a young age to supplement his family 's income .
His family moved to Detroit when he was 13 .
Moore ran card games and pursued other games of chance .
He even pitched pennies .
He was very good at gambling games and was a naturally gifted athlete .
Moore learned fast .
For a time he achieved a 233 bowling average .
According to Moore he immediately fell in love with the game .
This was th amin game he competed ate during his career .
Straight pool was the game of championship pocket billiards competition until approximately the 1980s .
The object is to reach a set number of points which is agreed before the game .
Professional competition is often played to 150 points .
One point is scored for each ball pocketed in a pocket that must be called by the player .
One point is scored for each ball pocketed in the and where no has transpired .
He was called The Red Devil for exhibition events .
Moore became disgusted by how unevenly matched Laurent was with Willis .
By that time Moore was recognizable for his cowboy characteristics .
Moore employed a slip stroke .
He was called The Red Devil for the events .
Moore became disgusted by how uneven matched the Laurent was .
By that time Moore was recognizable by his cowboy airs .
A school shooting is when someone shoots a gun at students or teachers at a school or college .
About 300 people live there .
The village is found in Hyde County .
A horror movie was once filmed here .
Hyde County is a farming community .
This new tramway was built by the London County Council who decided to build the route as an underground connection .
This meant that the side entrance to the tramway had to be moved .
This required the diversion of the side entrance to the tramway .
He and his brother Nicholas were brought up by their mother .
She did not treat them well .
The political system in Russia changed in 1855 when Alexander II took over power from his father Nicholas I and writers and artists had more freedom from this time .
Hoyle spent most of his working life at the Institute of Astronomy at Cambridge and served as its director for a number of years .
Fred Hoyle named the Big Bang that name .
It was the number one song in America for two weeks .
It was the number one song in the America for two weeks .
Many were without sound but later films had sound .
Many were without sound and were with sound .
Carpooling is putting more people who may not normally travel together in one car to use less fuel and create less pollution .
Carpooling is putting more people in one car to use less fuel and create less pollution .
They usually have a seat for the driver and at least one passenger .
Some are also able to carry many passengers .
They are used in many countries around the world .
Another good thing is that if it 's raining heavily it is better to use a car than a bike or walking because driving a car in these conditions can be less dangerous .
Designers now understand these problems better and try to build more balanced systems .
They can create pollution if too many are used in a small area like a city .
Carpooling is putting more people who may not normally travel together in one car to use less fuel and create less pollution .
Clasping Milkweed is a species of milkweed plant .
Intel Core i7 is a name that the company Intel uses for some of the computer processors that it makes for desktop and laptop computers .
Intel uses this name for the fastest processors that they think will be used to build computers for consumers instead of business people .
Intel started to use this name in 2008 .
There are different types of Core i7 processor .
The name does not name a type .
Intel uses the Core I5 name for processors that are not quite so fast as the Core i7 processors .
The Core i5 processors can do everything that most people want to do except for playing some types of computer games .
Intel uses the Core i3 name for processors for comnputers that are even slower than Core i5 computers .
Core I3 can do most simple things for most people .
Several of these Xeon processors are very much like several of the Core i7 processors .
Intel Core i7 is one of several Intel desktop and laptop computer processors .
They are the first processors to use Intel Nehalem microarchitecture and the processors that came after the Intel Core 2 family .
Intel Core i7 is a name that the company Intel uses for the computer processors it makes for desktop and laptop computers .
Intel also makes other Xeon processors that are not the same as any Core i7 processor .
Intel Core i7 is a name that the company Intel uses for some of the computer processors that it makes for desktop and laptop computers .
Several of these Xeon processors are very much like several of the Core i7 processors .
It stared Canadian comic Brent Butt .
It was set in Saskatchewan and stared Canadian comic Brent Butt .
Corner Gas was a Canadian sitcom that was on television from 2004 to 2009 .
Corner Gas was a Canadian sitcom that ran from 2004 to 2009 .
The standard error of the mean is the standard deviation of all those sample means .
In the absence of any estimator bias .
The standard error of the mean is the standard deviation of those sample means over all samples drawn from the population .
It is an increase in the number and diversity of species within each lineage .
It is part of evolutionary theory that all processes take place at the level of populations .
It is characterized by an increase in the diversity of species within each lineage .
She wrestled for WWE .
She was a 4 time WWF Women 's Champion .
She was champion for almost thirty year .
That made her champion longer than anyone else in the sport .
She was the first women to join the WWE Hall of Fame .
She is also the oldest WWE Women 's Champion ever to win the title against Ivory at No Mercy in 1999 .
She is also the oldest WWE Women 's Champion ever winning the title against Ivory at No Mercy in 1999 .
She was champion for almost thirty years .
She was inducted into the 1995 WWE Hall of Fame .
She was champion for almost thirty year .
She was the first woman to join the WWE Hall of Fame .
She was the first women to join the WWE Hall of Fame .
The word carosella was named from the play Arabic and Turkish soldiers enjoyed in the 10th century .
The origin of the carosella is the play Arabic and Turkish soldiers enjoyed in the 10th century .
There are many words which have them same meaning as carousel .
The reason why carousel is generally used today is due to its tie to the origin of the ride .
The origin of the word carousel is from the Spain word carosella which means a small war .
The origin of the carosella is a type of the play like mock battle Arabic and Turkish cavalry soldiers enjoyed in the 10th century .
Spain knights who saw the play during the Crusade called it carosella out of respect for the Arabic soldiers playing it like a real war .
The play became a horseback tournament in the 17th century in the West and was designed as a tool for the knights to show skill in throwing a spear while on horseback .
The carousel emerged as a ride when a toy dealer in France showed wooden horses on a rotating platform moved by human power or horsepower in the beginning of 18th century .
The platform rotates under motor power in the middle and can move up and down .
The number of seats resembling horses or other animals varies depending on the carousel but there are usually between 16 and 60 .
The horses on the platform are connected to a pole attached to both the floor and the ceiling of the ride .
The velocity of a carousel 's rotation is about 5 rounds a minute .
An average ride length is 2 to 3 minutes .
The speed of the ride is low in order to keep centrifugal force low because the faster it turns the more centrifugal force the ride will have .
There are many words which have a same meaning as carousel .
The reason why the word carousel is generally used is that it has an origin of the ride .
The origin of the word carousel is from Spain word carosella which means a small war .
The word carosella was named from the play Arabic and Turkish soldiers enjoyed in the 10th century .
Spain knights got to see the play during the Crusade and called the play as carosella respecting Arabic soldiers playing it like a real war .
The carousel started to develop as a ride after a toy dealer in France showed wooden horses on the rotating platform moved by human power or horsepower in the beginning of 18th century .
A platform rotates under motor power in the middle and moves up and down .
The number of seats resembling horses in shape is various depend on the carousel from 16 to 60 .
The horses on the platform are connected to the pole attaching from bottom to top .
The velocity of carousel 's rotation is about 5 rounds a minute .
It takes around 2 to 3 minutes on the ride .
The speed of it is slow to lower centrifugal force because the faster it turns the more centrifugal force it will have .
It is based on her experience as an English teacher in Brussels .
This book is believed to a letter from the Apostle Paul to the people of Colossae .
This book was supposed to have been written by the Apostle Paul to the people of Colossae .
This book is believed to a letter from the Apostle Paul to Timothy .
This book was supposed to have been written by the Apostle Paul to Timothy .
This book is believed to a letter from the Apostle Paul to Timothy .
This book was supposed to have been written by the Apostle Paul to Timothy .
This book is believed to a letter from the Apostle Paul to Titus .
This book was supposed to have been written by the Apostle Paul to Titus .
It was also made into a movie in 1988 .
It was also produced for film once in 1988 .
The sequel The Bourne Supremacy and The Bourne Ultimatum were also released in 2004 and 2007 .
It was also produced for film once in 1988 .
The sequel and were also released in 2004 and 2007 .
It was also made into a movie in 1988 .
A Toronto team was to be controlld for a wihle by the Arena Gardens while the problem of who owned the Toronto team was fixed .
Livingstone would sue for the Toronto team 's revenues in 1918 .
The Toronto team played without a nickname for the season .
They would later be called the Toronto Arenas .
The NHL was not supposed to be a permanent league .
It was only supposed to exist until the NHA could fix the problem of teams in the NHA .
It was awarded to the winner of the NHL playoffs and that winner then went on to play for the Stanley Cup in a series against other leagues .
The Wanderers then lost the next three games and owner Lichtenhein threatened to withdraw from the league unless he could get some other players .
The opening game was played in front of 700 people .
Livingstone would sue for the team 's revenues in 1918 .
The team played without a nickname for the season .
It was awarded to the winner of the NHL playoffs and that winner then went on to play for the Stanley Cup in a series against rival leagues .
It was done in response to Ottawa 's Clint Benedict constantly falling to make saves .
The new league faced stiff competition for players from a number of other leagues including the Pacific Coast Hockey Association .
They won their home opener but drew only 700 fans .
The Wanderers then lost the next three games and owner Lichtenhein threatened to withdraw from the league unless he could get some players .
The opening game was played in front of only 700 fans .
His greatest strength is to eat anything as well as you ca n't destoy him .
He sometimes mistaks the other monsters ' goals in life for his own .
His main goal in life is to eat things .
His greatest strength lies in his ability to devour and digest any substance as well as being indestructible .
His main goal in life is to digest things .
Many people in this group like the name transwoman over the many medical terms that are out there .
They feel that the gender they are on the outside and the gender that they are on the inside do not match .
Many people in this group like the name transwoman over the many different medical terms .
They feel that their physical gender and their emotional gender are different .
Some transwomen who feel that their gender change is done want to just be called women .
John Neubauer claims that this book was commissioned to aid in Tito 's post war show trials .
Novak wrote here that he spent more than forty years collecting documents and books which he will use for writing the book .
Novak spent more than forty years collecting documents and books which he will use for writing the book .
Novak wrote that he spent more than 40 years collecting documents and books to write his book .
Novak wrote here that he spent more than forty years collecting documents and books which he will use for writing the book .
Tteok is a Korean traditional rice cake which is made of rice flour by kneading it with water and steaming .
Tteok is a Korean traditional rice cake which is made of rice flour by kneading with water and steaming .
It is highlighted for the food in place of breakfast for Koreans who live on carbohydrate since they feel satiated even with small quantity and it is good to eat briefly .
It is highlighted as the food in place of breakfast for Koreans who live on carbohydrate since they feel satiated even with small quantity and it is good to eat briefly .
It is highlighted as the food in place of breakfast for Koreans who live on carbohydrate since they feel satiated even with small quantity and it is good to eat briefly .
It is highlighted for the food in place of breakfast for Koreans who live on carbohydrate since they feel satiated even with small quantity and it is good to eat briefly .
It may be someone who has had nothing to do with that university .
The person does not have to do any examination .
It is purely an honor for whatever good work he or she has already done .
Very often the honorary degree is a doctorate .
There are normally no special to get this degree .
The degree itself is typically a doctorate .
It may be awarded to someone who never had prior connection with the institution in question .
Anatole France start his career as a parnassianism poet .
Later he became an impressionist and he was an atheist .
From 1867 he was a journalist .
In 1893 he captured the atmosphere of the fin de siecle in Les Opinions de Jerome Coignard .
France took a part in the Dreyfus Affair .
In 1901 France wrote Monsieur Bergeret about this affair .
He stood out against colonialism .
Anatole France start his career as a young parnassianism poet .
Later he became impressionism and he was atheism .
From 1867 he wrote a lot of articles and notices as a journalist .
In 1893 he aptured the atmosphere of the fin de siecle in Les Opinions de Jerome Coignard .
France took an important part in the Dreyfus Affair .
In 1901 France wrote novel Monsieur Bergeret about this affair .
He stood out against the colonialism .
It appeared as a means to join the rail stations the city had in the 1920s .
Some of them are improving their artificial lighting .
It opened in 1926 under the name Ferrocarril Metropolitano Transversal de Barcelona for the 1929 Universal Exposition .
The geologist Preston Cloud first used the term in 1972 .
Oceans would probably have formed as soon as the temperature allowed .
The geologist Preston Cloud coined the term in 1972 .
Oceans would probably have formed as soon as the temperature permitted .
All of its stations are underground .
There were about 357 people in the town in 2006 .
It is on the border with the Ukraine .
He then worked as a music critic and orchestrator .
A short version of the The Sorcerer 's Apprentice was used in the Walt Disney film Fantasia .
Dukas 's use of rhythm and his skill in wrting for orchestras can be seen in both the Symphony in C and the The Sorcerer 's Apprentice .
After completing his studies Dukas worked as a music critic and orchestrator .
Dukas 's use of rhythm and his skill as an orchestrator can be seen in both the Symphony in C and the The Sorcerer 's Apprentice .
Only a few pieces of his music are left .
Dukas 's use of rhythm and his skill in writing for orchestras can be seen in both the Symphony in C and the The Sorcerer 's Apprentice .
Only a few pieces of his music remain .
Dukas 's use of rhythm and his skill in wrting for orchestras can be seen in both the Symphony in C and the The Sorcerer 's Apprentice .
Only a few are left .
Only a few pieces of his music are left .
Its five members are chosen by the Norwegian Parliament and represent the political makeup of the parliament .
The job of giving the Nobel Peace Prize was given to the Norwegian Parliament .
Its five members are appointed by the Norwegian Parliament and roughly represent the political makeup of that body .
It was written as early as in 1895 .
The Nobel Foundation manages the assets .
Legal expert Fredrik Heffermehl has said that a legislative group like a parliament could not be expected to handle a legal jobs like looking after a will .
Jurist Fredrik Heffermehl has noted that a legislative body could not necessarily be expected to handle a judicial task like managing a legal will .
The task of a parliament is to create and change laws whereas a will can not be changed unless the premises are clearly outdated .
These links to the Norwegian Parliament were later weakened so that the committee became more independent .
But the committee is still mainly made up of politicians .
The committee might get more than a hundred different names for people to be given the prize .
It asks the Nobel Institute in February every year to study about twenty possible winners .
Currently this position is held by to Geir Lundestad .
These ties to the Norwegian Parliament were later weakened so that the committee became more independent .
The committee might receive well more than a hundred nominations and asks the Nobel Institute in February every year to research about twenty candidates .
Its five members are elected by the Norwegian Parliament and has the same political makeup as the parliament .
The committee is currently made up of five people who have all left the parliament .
Its five members are chosen by the Norwegian Parliament and represent the political makeup of the parliament .
The Norwegian Nobel Committee is the group which gives the Nobel Peace Prize every year .
It has five members who are elected by the Norwegian Parliament and has the same political makeup as the parliament .
Legal expert Fredrik Heffermehl has said that a parliament could not be expected to handle a legal jobs like looking after a will .
Its five members are elected by the Norwegian Parliament and has the same political makeup as the parliament .
Legal expert Fredrik Heffermehl has said that a legislative group like a parliament could not be expected to handle a legal jobs like looking after a will .
It is found in North America and South America .
It is found in Central America and South America .
Jiffy Lube is a chain of businesses that services automobiles .
It is most well known for quick oil changes .
Jiffy Lube is a chain of automotive service providers that is known for quick oil changes .
Forams are often used to date strata in palaeontology .
The detailed record of forams from deep sea drilling projects are the basis of a fossil index for geological periods or stages .
Forams are widely used for palaeontological dating of strata .
The very detailed record of forams from various deep sea drilling projects are the basis of a fossil index for geological periods or stages .
Coccoliths are the microscopic fossils which form chalk .
After the cells die the coccoliths sink down to the ocean bed and accumulate as sediment which over millions of years builds up to form chalk .
The coccoliths are produced inside the cell then pushed out to the surface to form a protective layer around the outside of the cell .
Coccoliths are the smallest of these microfossils and he thought they were inorganic products .
Coccolithophores are one of the main parts of deep sea sediments .
Coccoliths are the microscopic plates which form chalk .
They are made by one of the most important eukaryote phytoplankton .
These are single celled protists whose full name is coccolithophorids or coccolithophores .
The spherical skeleton of coccoliths is a coccosphere .
British Association for the Advancement of Science .
Coccolithophores are a major contributor to the carbonate in deep sea sediments .
They are still of huge ecological and geological importance .
Coccoliths are the microscopic plates which form chalk .
They are made by one of the most important eukaryote phytoplankton .
These are single celled protists whose full name is coccolithophorids or coccolithophores .
The spherical skeleton of coccoliths is a coccosphere .
British Association for the Advancement of Science .
Coccolithophores are a major contributor to the carbonate in deep sea sediments .
They are still of huge ecological and geological importance .
Coccoliths are the microscopic fossils which form chalk .
After the cells die the coccoliths sink down to the ocean bed and accumulate as sediment which over millions of years builds up to form chalk .
The coccoliths are produced inside the cell then pushed out to the surface to form a protective layer around the outside of the cell .
Coccoliths are the smallest of these microfossils and he thought they were inorganic products .
Coccolithophores are one of the main parts of deep sea sediments .
Polygyros is a city in the area of Macedonia in Greece .
Polygyros is a city in the region of Macedonia in Greece .
It was shown later that year on CBS .
It aired later that year on CBS .
Players Sean Keniff and Jenna Lewis named the new tribe Rattana .
The tribes then continued to build their shelter and search for food .
Both tribes were in a tie after every castaway ate the Butok without refusing .
Richard used the tools to catch many fish and feed the Tagi tribe .
Pagong won the next immunity challenge on day 9 and Stacey was the third person voted out .
Kelly continued to win the following reward challenge on day 34 .
Kelly voted with her former alliance to vote Sean out of the game .
The immunity challenge involved the final four contestants being quizzed on how much they knew about their former tribe mates .
Richard voluntarily stepped out of the challenge on the assumption that the other contestants would be crazy not to take him to the final Tribal Council .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a player got during Tribal Councils where the player is able to be voted out of the game .
It does not count the votes they got during the final Tribal Council .
The winning team got immunity and waterproof matches .
The final four vote was tied with Richard and Sue each getting two votes .
Richard and Susan were not able to vote in the second Tribal Council vote .
Ten main cameras were set on the island that would film the castaways every day .
Camera and other crews were sent to the island three weeks in advance for testing .
The Tribal Council set was be built two hundred yards from the crew 's facility .
The Tribal Council set was with no walls and only a platform .
Contestants were not allowed to speak to one another until they got on the boat headed towards their beaches .
The show was set to air in the summer of 2000 .
USA Today also held a poll to see who viewers would have voted off .
CBS 's The Early Show held an interview with each contestant the day after the episode in which they were voted off aired .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a castaway has received during Tribal Councils where the castaway is eligible to be voted out of the game .
It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .
The winning team received immunity and waterproof matches .
The final four vote was tied with Richard and Sue each receiving two votes .
Richard and Susan were not eligible to vote in the second Tribal Council vote .
Nielsen Ratings says it was the highest rated show of 2001 .
The helicopter pilot in the reward trip also broke an Australian law as he flew over sea bird rookeries .
Survivor 's producer Mark Burnett said sorry on behalf of Colby and the production team after the season had been shown .
The elimination of contestant Michael Skupin during the sixth episode is noteworthy for being the first case where a Survivor contestant has had to be evacuated due to injuries .
The helicopter pilot involved in the reward trip also broke an Australian law as he flew over sea bird rookeries .
Survivor 's producer Mark Burnett apologized on behalf of Colby and the production team after the season had aired .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a player got during Tribal Councils where the player was able to be voted out of the game .
It does not count the votes they got during the final Tribal Council .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a castaway has received during Tribal Councils where the castaway is eligible to be voted out of the game .
It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .
This was told after he read the votes and said who won .
The players were told to try to make themselves look like they were at the last Tribal Council and the audience was told to hold any cheering or clapping until after they said who won .
This was revealed after he read the votes and announced the winner .
The contestants were told to try to make themselves appear as they had looked during the last Tribal Council and the audience was told to hold any cheering or applause until after the winner was announced .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a player got during Tribal Councils where the player is able to be voted out of the game .
It does not count the votes they got during the final Tribal Council .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a castaway has received during Tribal Councils where the castaway is eligible to be voted out of the game .
It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .
There was some controversy about an immunity challenge in the last episode .
There was some controversy surrounding an immunity challenge in the final episode .
Miley Cyrus is also known for her role in Disney 's Bolt and because of her famous father Billy Ray Cyrus and also because of her brother Trace Cyrus a member of the popular band Metro Station .
Miley Cyrus is also known for her role in Disney 's bolt and because of her famous Father Billy Ray Cyrus and her brother Trace Cyrus a member of the popular band Metro Station .
The Marquesas Islands were actually chosen as a backup location for Survivor .
The Marquesas Islands were initially selected as a backup location for Survivor .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a player got during Tribal Councils where the player is able to be voted out of the game .
It does not count the votes they got during the final Tribal Council .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a castaway has received during Tribal Councils where the castaway is eligible to be voted out of the game .
It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .
Jeff originally said that Rotu was the winning tribe .
Jeff originally declared Rotu as the winning tribe .
Paschal 's elimination marked a big controversy in the game of Survivor .
The player with the purple rock would be eliminated .
No tie happened on the show until six seasons later on ' .
Paschal 's elimination marked a large controversy in the game of Survivor .
The contestant with the purple rock would be eliminated .
No tie occurred on the show until six seasons later on ' .
Fourteen episodes aired weekly .
They eventually merged into the Chuay Jai tribe .
The season had many new gameplay twists .
This was the first time in Survivor history that the two starting teams were not chosen by the producers .
No one took the offer .
The season introduced several new gameplay twists .
This was the first time in Survivor history that the two initial teams were not preselected by the producers .
The biggest twist of the season was the fake merge .
The major twist of the season was the fake merge .
This backfired on Shii Ann when her tribe lost the Immunity Challenge and she was voted off for her excessive scheming .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a player got during Tribal Councils where the player is able to be voted out of the game .
It does not count the votes they got during the final Tribal Council .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a castaway has received during Tribal Councils where the castaway is eligible to be voted out of the game .
It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .
Dirty Harry is a 1971 American crime film produced and directed by Don Siegel .
It was the first in the Dirty Harry series .
Clint Eastwood plays the main role .
It was filmed in 2002 .
Sixteen players were sent to the Amazon to compete to win one million dollars .
It started and ended as a battle of the genders .
Sixteen people were sent to the Amazon to compete to win one million dollars .
It started and ended as a battle of the sexes .
This got them a cover shot and a nude picture in a Playboy spread .
Another notable moment in this season was a challenge that tested players ' endurance against temptation .
Their escapades earned them a cover shot and a nude pictorial in a Playboy spread .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a player got during Tribal Councils where the player is able to be voted out of the game .
It does not count the votes they got during the final Tribal Council .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a castaway has received during Tribal Councils where the castaway is eligible to be voted out of the game .
It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .
There was no Reward Challenge .
There was no Reward Challenge due to tribal switch .
Jenna won immunity but gave it to Heidi during tribal council .
There was no Reward Challenge and was not yet known to castaways .
There was no Reward Challenge due to tribal swap .
Jenna won Immunity but gave it to Heidi during tribal council .
The new tribe was named after an injured snake Rupert found and used as a mascot for the Drake tribe .
This season is the only season so far which has had two of its players returning in two other seasons .
This season is the only season thus far which has had two of its original contestants competing in two other seasons .
A twist for this season sent one player from the tribe winning reward to steal one item from the other tribe 's camp .
A twist revealed for this season sent one player from the tribe winning reward to steal one item from the other tribe 's camp .
Osten quit the game at Morgan 's tribal council .
Host Jeff Probst was n't happy when Osten quit .
Osten used this opportunity to quit the game at tribal council .
Jeff Probst expressed open disgust at Osten 's decision to quit .
Lil struggled with her decision of who to take to the final tribal council but ultimately selected Sandra .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a player got during Tribal Councils where the player is able to be voted out of the game .
It does not count the votes they got during the final Tribal Council .
The tribes they were in for a short time upon their return were the same tribes they started in .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a castaway has received during Tribal Councils where the castaway is eligible to be voted out of the game .
It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .
The tribes they were briefly in upon their return were the same tribes they were originally in .
Rupert could not vote because he was by Morgan .
Rupert Boneham won the million dollars .
Eighteen players returned this season from earlier seasons .
Her mother died eight days later from cancer .
The players grabbed a new buff out of a bag .
Lex the rest of Chapera to vote out Jerri instead of Amber .
Lex convinced the rest of Chapera to vote out Jerri instead of Amber .
Rob won the final immunity challenge and took Amber into the final two with him .
The reunion show was also boasted as a high point when ' contestant Jerri Manthey attempted to insert herself into the whole controversial discussion between Tom Buchanan and Mariano .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a player got during Tribal Councils where the player is able to be voted out of the game .
It does not count the votes they got during the final Tribal Council .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a castaway has received during Tribal Councils where the castaway is eligible to be voted out of the game .
It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .
Chapera was able to choose one Mogo Mogo member for their reward .
A tribe switch took place instead of a reward challenge .
Black is used to show that the reward challenge is individual and not tribal .
No merge color was given out at this time in the episode .
Sue quit the game on day 17 after being angry with Richard due to what happened at the previous challenge .
Chapera was able to chose one Mogo Mogo member for their reward .
A tribe reshuffling took place instead of a reward challenge .
Black is used to indicate that the reward challenge is individual and not tribal .
No merge color was given out at this point in the episode .
Sue quit the game on day 17 after being outraged about the incident with Richard at the previous challenge .
It was filmed in Summer 2004 .
The talk show was shown every Thursday and Friday on the CBS website .
It interviews players from earlier seasons and reviews the players ' gameplay .
This was the second season where the starting tribes were divided by gender .
This was the second season to initially divide the tribes by gender .
The season began like ' .
The tribes were divided by gender .
The season began like ' in that the tribes were divided by gender .
Ami and Julie soon followed despite their last minute attempts to swing Chris .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a player got during Tribal Councils where the player is able to be voted out of the game .
It does not count the votes they got during the final Tribal Council .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a castaway has received during Tribal Councils where the castaway is eligible to be voted out of the game .
It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .
The word Christ comes from the Greek word christos and means to mark on the head with oil or the anointed one .
The word christ comes from the Greek word christos and means to mark on the head with oil .
Jesus being God has been argued about for a long time .
The Bible said he was God but others say he was n't .
Whether or not Jesus is God has been argued about for a long time .
Most Christians today believe and claim that Jesus was both fully God and fully man at the same time .
This verse was written as a prophecy by the prophet Isaiah before Jesus was born .
The next two verses are the most famous ones that describe Jesus as God .
They were written by the Apostle John in his Gospel .
He was in the beginning with God .
I and the Father are one .
Then the Jews picked up stones to throw at him .
And Jesus asked them why they were going to killed him .
The Apostle Paul wrote the next four verses .
In Jesus the fullness of the deity dwells bodily .
Most Christians believe that these verses say Jesus is God and they think it is a heresy to not believe Jesus is God .
Some people follow Jesus without claiming he is God .
These people generally do not follow only the Christian Bible .
They do not think either of them were God .
Muslims do not believe Jesus died on the cross or rose from the dead .
They believe he ascended to Heaven without dying .
Muslims always say peace be upon him after saying Jesus 's name as a sign of respect .
He worked hard in his life to make all of the followers of all these religions respect each other .
They believe he went up to Heaven without dying .
Most Christians believe that these verses say Jesus is God and they think it is a heresy to not believe Jesus is God .
They believe he ascended to Heaven without dying .
He did not use it to date any historical event .
How he arrived at that number is unknown .
He invented a new system of numbering years to replace the Diocletian years that had been used in an old Easter table because he did not wish to continue the memory of a tyrant who persecuted Christians .
Stories about the life of Jesus have been recorded by different writers .
Muslims always say peace be upon him after saying Jesus ' name as a sign of respect .
They also show that Christianity holds it 's main Holy Days at a time when there was already a Roman or Jewish festival such as Easter at the time of the Passover .
Be happy with me !
Stories about the life of Jesus has been recorded by different writers .
The Bible says Jesus became famous .
Muslims always say peace be upon him after saying Jesus 's name as a sign of respect .
They also show that Christianity holds its main Holy Days at a time when there was already a Roman or Jewish festival such as Easter at the time of the Passover .
Be happy wih me !
When a man decides to become a priest there is a ceremony of initiation .
Some people who have married before can however become priests .
The first humans to live in this area were Native Americans .
The Native Americans are recognized as nations of their own .
Their treatment of natives ranged from fair and diplomatic to hostile and even genocidal .
By 1763 Great Britain controlled the Atlantic coast of the continent from Newfoundland to Georgia .
The colonies from Georgia to as far north as what is now the state of Maine started their own Continental Congress to resist British rule .
They objected to certain taxes .
They objected to the British rule forbidding colonization of the Ohio Valley or further west .
The British wanted to reserve this land for Native Americans .
Uninhabited land was just claimed .
They formed the Confederate States of America .
The northern states said that the United States is a permanent union .
The US also gained control of Hawaii about this time .
In World War I and World War II the United States became a military power greater than the British Empire .
Before this land was colonized by EuropeansNative Americans lived there .
Their treatment of natives ranged from diplomatic to utterly genocidal .
By 1763 Great Britain controlled the Atlantic coast of the continent from Newfoundland to what is now the state of Georgia .
The colonies from there to as far north as what is now the state of Maine started their own Continental Congress to resist British rule .
It also gained control of Hawaii about this time .
The confrontation between the US and SU is called the Cold War and lasted more or less from 1948 to 1973 .
Calling the United States of America just America can be rude to South Americans and Latin Americans Canadians .
Their treatment of natives ranged from fair and diplomatic to hostile .
Some natives were killed .
They did not want to pay certain taxes .
They did not like the British rule which did not allow colonization of the Ohio Valley or further west .
The British wanted to keep this land for Native Americans .
The United States became free of England after the 13 English colonies chose to break free in 1776 .
The northern states said that the United States is a union forever .
It fought many wars and had border disputes with Mexico .
The US also took control of Hawaii about this time .
In World War I and World War II the United States had an army stronger than the British Empire .
China did not join in this rivalry .
Calling the United States of America just America can be offensive to South Americans and Latin Americans .
Their treatment of natives ranged from fair and diplomatic to hostile and even genocidal .
They objected to certain taxes .
They objected to the British rule forbidding colonization of the Ohio Valley or further west .
The British wanted to reserve this land for Native Americans .
The United States became independent after the revolution of 13 English colonies in 1776 .
Uninhabited land was just claimed .
The northern states said that the United States is a permanent union .
It fought several wars and had border disputes with Mexico .
The US also gained control of Hawaii about this time .
In World War I and World War II the United States became a military power greater than the British Empire .
China largely stayed out of this rivalry .
Calling the United States of America just America can is considered by some to be rude to South Americans Latin Americans and Canadians .
Russia is west of Alaska .
Calling the United States of America just America can be rude to South Americans and Latin Americans Canadians .
First Nations is a better term .
This said they were free and independent states .
In the 20th century the US had more contact with other countries .
The Eastern part of what is now the United States of America were colonized by the Kingdom of Great Britain from around the year 1500 .
Britain tried unsuccessfully to recapture the colonies in the American War of Independence .
In the 20th century the US became heavily involved in the World .
The corporations and other organized groups always effect government decisions by offering money or voter support to a political party .
It would seem Americans could care less that they are hated so much that individuals would fly Planes laden with fuel and people into their buildings .
The United States of America consists of 50 states with limited autonomy in which federal law takes precedence over state law .
The corporations and other organized groups can somtimes effect government decision by offering money or voter support to a political party .
The first people in the country are called Indians or Native Americans .
The Americans declared independence in 1776 .
Each state had more power than the United States as a whole .
That government structure was set in 1781 .
The paper outlining that is called the Articles of Confederation .
So a constitution was written .
It was approved in 1789 .
This was a set of 10 changes that limited the government .
Several states wanted to break away and form a different country .
They disagreed with national government about states ' rights .
The national government won the war .
The Great Depression was in the early 1930s .
The attackers crashed all four of the planes on purpose .
The fourth plane crashed in a field in Pennsylvania after the passengers fought back .
The attack led to big changes .
The United States went to war against Afghanistan .
What is the United States of America called ?
The United States of America has many different names .
Where is the United States of America ?
The place that is now called the US has been lived in since prehistoric times by Native American Indian tribes .
The federal government is set up by the Constitution .
The federal government is explained in the Constitution .
USA has been hated recently around the world because of the Iraqi War .
The head of the senate is the Vice President .
So Democrats have a lot of power in the federal government .
This means that Democrats have a lot of power in the federal government .
There is a large difference between those who say that they belong to a religion and those who are members of a church of that religion .
There is a large difference between those who declare themselves to be of a religion and those who are members of a church of that religion .
The United States of America has many different names .
The is set up by the Constitution .
There are three branches of government .
State governments work very much like the federal government .
The executive branch is the part of the government that enforces the law .
The President may also make executive orders to ensure that people follow the law .
The legislative branch is the part of the government that makes laws .
The legislative branch is called Congress .
Congress is divided into two houses .
One house is the House of Representatives .
States gain or lose Representatives based on their total population as shown by the census .
The total number of representatives today is 435 .
The other house is the Senate .
This system is both complex and unique .
The Judicial Branch is the part of government that interprets what the law means .
The Judicial Branch is made up of the Supreme Court and many lower courts .
The place now called the United States has been inhabited since prehistoric times by Native American tribes .
Committees were created in each of the 13 colonies to begin organizing resistance to the perceived oppression by the British government .
Events like the Boston Massacre and the Battles of Lexington and Concord in Massachusetts swayed public opinion behind the cause of the revolutionaries .
Only then did the British troops leave their last possessions in what is now America .
Each state had greater political power than the United States as a whole .
This government structure was set in 1781 .
The document that established this structure was called the Articles of Confederation .
The result of the convention was an entirely new constitution .
The Constitution of the United States was approved by 9 of the 13 states in 1789 and became the law of the land .
Later all of the states approved the Constitution .
The Constitution is a written that establishes the structure and function of the United States government .
These amendments limited the government 's power and guaranteed certain rights to the citizens .
Much of this land became American territory when the US bought the Louisiana Purchase or when the US won a war with Mexico .
Their state militias began seizing federal military posts in the South .
This began the American Civil War .
The US elected Franklin Delano Roosevelt president .
The US was involved in World War II in the early 1940s .
The argument over whether to help Europe after World War I continued when Europe went to war again .
The 1960s saw somewhat mixed growth .
Many looked to the US to help whenever there was conflict or suffering in another country .
The terrorists took control of four airplanes in order to deliberately crash the planes into important American buildings .
The fourth plane crashed in an open field in Pennsylvania after the passengers fought the hijackers aboard the plane .
This is called lobbying .
So Democrats have a lot of power in the federal government .
They have to answer to the people and own up to their mistakes .
The country grew from east to west .
It conquered and bought lands .
It also divided some states into two .
The states are divided into smaller counties .
Two states use different words than county .
Louisiana uses the word parish .
Alaska uses the word borough .
The United States also consists of several other lands that are not states .
The United States is the third biggest country in the world .
Its geography varies a lot .
Large parts of the country have warm summers and cold winters .
The United States has a capitalist economy .
The United States of America has people of many different race and ethnic background .
Most of them descend from the African slaves that were brought to America .
The level of Christianity in the US is declining .
There is a large difference between those who say that they belong to a religion and those who are members of a church of that religion .
American popular culture goes out to many places in the world .
This was very different from when the country was younger .
Some of them are very prestigious .
US Census Housing and Economic Statistics Updated regularly by US Bureau of the Census .
Canada covers 6 time zones .
It is true that a lot of Canada 's land is very far north .
But most of the people of Canada live in the south where it is less cold .
Canada also covers 6 time zones .
Native people lived in Canada first .
The Aboriginals are the first peoples in Canada .
They are known as the First Nations and the Inuit people .
England took control of the French areas after a battle on the Plains of Abraham near Quebec City in 1759 .
He fought for more rights for the Metis people .
Canadians fought in World War I because they were part of the British Empire .
More Canadians died in this war than any other .
Canada became better known as a country after its success capturing Vimy Ridge in 1917 .
Canadians also fought in World War II .
Many people speak both French and English .
A large number of immigrants from almost every part of the world come to live in Canada .
Canada has a greater mix of people with different backgrounds than almost anywhere on Earth .
Ottawa is the capital of Canada .
Each province and territory elects a premier to lead its government .
Many people from other parts of the world think of Canada as a very cold and snowy place .
Canada 's southern and northwestern edges share borders with the United States .
Canada covers 6 time zones .
A large number of immigrants from just about every part of the world choose to live in Canada .
A common misconception among people from abroad is that Canada is a very cold and snowy place .
Around 33 million people live in Canada 's ten provinces and three territories .
Canada covers 6 time zones .
Canada contains some of the very last untouched boreal forest in the world .
Native people lived in what is now Canada for thousands of years before the first Europeans arrived .
They are known as the First Nations and the Inuit people .
The French usually had permission from the native peoples to live in their country .
British took control of the French areas after a battle on the Plains of Abraham near Quebec City in 1759 .
More Canadians died in this war than any other war .
Canada became better known as a country after its success in capturing Vimy Ridge from the Germans in France in 1917 .
From 1931 on the Government of Canada made all decisions about Canada .
Canadians also fought in World War II .
The main part of the Constitution is still the 1867 British North America Act .
Many people can speak both French and English .
A large number of immigrants from almost every part of the world come to live in Canada .
Ottawa is the capital of Canada .
Each province and territory elects a premier to lead its government .
Canada has a government called a constitutional monarchy .
The head of state of the United Kingdom is also the head of state in Canada .
She appoints a Governor General to represent her in the country .
The Queen 's powers are exercised by the Governor General except when the Queen is in Canada .
The Parliament of Canada passes the laws of the country .
The cabinet is usually formed from the largest party in Parliament .
Many people from other parts of the world think of Canada as a very cold and snowy place .
O Canada !
Our home and native land !
True patriot love in all thy sons command .
The True North strong and free !
God keep our land glorious and free !
Blame Canada !
Canada is the second largest country in the world in land area after Russia .
Canada covers six time zones .
Canada covers 6 time zones .
Around 33 million people live in Canada 's ten provinces and three territories .
Around 33 million people live in Canada 's ten provinces and three territories .
This is almost the same number as in the US State of California .
Canada is the second largest country in the world in land area after Russia .
Islam is a religion that started in Arabia in the 7th century .
People who practice Islam are called Muslims .
Some historians consider this to have led to what we now call the scientific method .
Muslim traditions declined under the Ottoman Empire which dominated Arabia from the 16th century until the early 20th century .
Islam is a religion started in Arabia in the 7th century .
People who believe in Islam are called Muslims .
Muslims by definition are obligated to take a very diligent attitude to scientific and judicial investigation .
In courts and politics fairness is assumed to rely on some process of investigation called ijtihad for independent thought .
Many historians consider this to have led to what we now call the scientific method .
These traditions languished under the Ottoman Empire which dominated Arabia from the 16th century to the early 20th century .
They continued to a greater degree in Africa and Indonesia but without much guidance from the traditional centres of thought .
A mosque is a place where Muslims worship but also discuss religious and political matters .
Islam is a religion that started in Arabia in the 7th century .
People who practice Islam are called Muslims .
Islam was begun by a man named Muhammad .
He was a civic leader and businessman who had a vision at about the age of 40 .
See a list of Islamic terms in Arabic for other terms that have very specific meanings to Muslims and in Islam .
Some historians consider this to have led to what we now call the scientific method .
See early Muslim philosophy for more on this .
Muslim traditions declined under the Ottoman Empire which dominated Arabia from the 16th century until the early 20th century .
See Islam as a political movement and Modern Islamic philosophy for more on this .
Islamic economics forbids odious debt and exploitation based on debt .
It is one of many areas where Islamic ideas are being revived in modern contexts and applied to modern problems .
There are about one and a half billion Muslims in the world .
The mystic path of Islam is called Sufism .
Sufism is another smaller group of Islam .
The mystic path of Islam is called Sufism .
They consider him one of the greatest of Allah 's prophets to humans .
Prayer is required and must be performed five times a day .
Very old people and the insane do not have to fast .
They consider him one of the greatest of Allah 's prophets to mankind .
Prayer is obligatory and must be performed five times a day .
The fourth pillar of Islam is fasting .
Exempted from the fast are the very old and the insane .
The word Islam is derived from the Arabic word that means surrender .
The word Islam comes from the Arabic word that means surrender .
The word Islam is derived from the Arabic word that means surrender .
The most holy book in the religion of Islam is the Koran .
They also teach that the Koran is in heaven and that it is a perfect book .
The most holy book in the religion of Islam is the Quran .
They also teach that the Quran is in heaven and that it is a perfect book .
Muslims must make the hajj at least once in their life if they can afford to do so .
The most holy book in the religion of Islam is the Koran .
They also teach that the Koran is in heaven and that it is a perfect book .
Muslims try to memorize the entire Koran and ones that do are respected in there Muslim community .
This is especially the case when punishing those Muslims that reject or critize the accepted views of Islam .
The unrecognized state of Somaliland .
The flag of the Supreme Islamic Courts Council of Somalia .
Before Saddam Hussein was executed he recited the Testimony of Faith .
On Fridays muslims will get together at mosques to pray .
Muslims must make the hajj at least once in their life if they can afford to do so and are heathy enough .
Next they walk seven times back and forth between the hills of Safa and Marwah .
After this some Muslims go to Medina where the tomb of Muhammad is located .
They must spend the afternoon within a defined area on the plain of Arafat until after sunset .
It is said that all prayers will be answered .
Traditionally the pilgrim slaughtered the animal himself or oversaw the slaughtering .
The night of the 10th is spent back at Mina .
It is the second most holy book in Islam .
Sunni dont believe them because they disrespect 1st three caliphs .
It is main theme of the Sunni Islam from the beginning .
One of the most famous Sufis is Rumi .
All Muslims are commanded in the Koran to do this .
This is dances they do while practicing Dhikr .
This is a form of devotional music .
The most well known form of Sama is whirling .
Khalwa is a form of retreat .
It used to be common among Sufis but now is less common .
This is especially the case when punishing those Muslims that reject or criticize the accepted views of Islam .
This is one of the five things a Muslim must do to show he is a follower of Islam .
Muslims usually have a party with families and friends and go to the mosque in the morning for a special service .
Therefore the religion Islam means submission to Allah .
Many Muslims try to memorize the entire Quran and ones that do are respected in their Muslim community .
After this the caliphate became hereditary .
Some people have responded to these forms of criticism .
Other than having religious laws Islam has laws on how the government should be run .
Muslims usually have a party with families and friends and go to the mosque in the morning for a special oath service .
Muslims try to memorize the entire Quran and ones that do are respected in their Muslim community .
Some people have responded to these forms of critism .
People who follow Islam are called Muslims .
People who follow Islam are called pakis .
People who follow Islam are called People that have no rights and are terrorists .
People who follow Islam are called Muslims .
These traditions are called Sunnah .
Muslims also call Muhammad a messenger of God .
Muslims call these stories Hadith .
Muslim scholars collected all of these Hadith in books and compared them to each other .
These laws are called Sharia .
Muslim lawyers have studied Sharia and written down their ideas about how to judge different cases .
These ideas about Sharia are called Fiqh .
The word Islam means submission .
These traditions are called Sunnah .
These laws are called Shariah Law .
Followers of Judaism believe that even a printed copy of God 's name is very special and should be treated with great respect .
This page contains the Jewish name of God .
God knows the thoughts and actions of all humans .
The Jews escaped when God made the waters of the Red Sea open a path for them .
Hebrew has continued to be the language of the Jewish religion until today .
They treated the Jews very badly the Jews because they said that the Jews caused most of the problems in the world .
The Nazi government killed more than six million Jewish people .
Played important role in foreign affairs of the United States of America .
THIS PAGE CONTAINS THE NAME OF GOD .
GOD 'S NAME IS SPECIAL .
God knows the thoughts and actions of humans .
THIS IS THE NAME OF GOD .
The Jews escaped when God made the waters of the Red Sea part for them .
Hebrew has continued to be the religion of the Jewish religion until today .
They lived in many other countries .
They hated the Jews because they said that the Jews caused most of the problems in the world .
The Nazi government killed millions of Jewish people .
Played important role in foreign affairs .
God has no body .
God has always existed and will always exist .
People should only pray to God .
God gave the Torah to Moses .
God knows the thoughts and actions of all humans .
God will reward the good and punish the evil .
Their version of Heaven and Hell is God showing them their life and showing them what they could have done and become .
Many Jews believe in a life after you are dead .
Many jews believe in a life after you are dead .
That 's why God 's names are very special to Jews .
A famous Jewish teacher of the 12th century had the name Moshe ben Maimon .
He made a list of 13 principles that cover the basic beliefs of Orthodox Judaism .
Jews believe that a descendant of King David will come .
He will defeat the enemies of Israel .
He will set up a throne and rule the world .
A Jew can not eat a food that has both meat and milk in it .
A Jew can not eat a dish that mixes meat with milk .
This comes from the rule that a Jew must not eat a calf in its mother 's milk .
They do this because God 's name is so holy they are not allowed to throw away a piece of paper with God written on it .
Do not say God 's name without a reason .
Observe the Sabbath day .
Do not be a false witness .
Do not want your neighbor 's wife .
Do not take the Lord 's name in vain .
Keep the Sabbath day .
Do not bear false witness .
Do not be envious of your neighbor 's wife .
The Ten Commandments are special because they were given by God told to all of Israel at Mount Sinai .
The Ten Commandments are special because they are the commandments which God told to all of Israel at Mount Sinai .
Christianity is a religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ .
Christianity is a religion about the life and teachings of Jesus Christ .
Christianity is a religion based on the life and the things Jesus Christ taught .
Christianity is a religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ .
Christianity is a religion based on the life of Jesus Christ and the things he taught .
Almost 2 billion people around the world follow Jesus .
They call themselves Christians .
Christians do not all believe exactly the same things .
Christianity is a religion that believes in only one God .
People who follow this religion are called Christians .
It is based on the life and teaching of Jesus who lived in a town called Nazareth in the 1st century .
Most Christians also say the work of the Spirit of God is important .
Christians believe God loves the Earth and came to the Earth in the person of Jesus .
This title meant he was chosen by God by having oil poured on his head .
It also meant people hoped he would bring peace to the Earth .
Christians learn about Jesus from a group of books called the New Testament .
Judaism also believes in only one God .
Christianity began in the 1st century as a different part or sect of Judaism .
One thing the same is religious books called the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament .
They may also believe different things .
Not all Christians use these titles .
People who call themselves Christians may show or live their faith in different ways .
They may also believe different things .
Not all Christians use these titles .
Some believe Christianity is bigger and includes others .
Some believe Christianity is smaller and does not include all these churches .
S E Ahlstrom said breaking the church into groups or denominations was not real becasue many churches said they were the only true Christians .
Christians believe in praying to God .
All of these groups began after 1800 AD .
There are some groups which were heavily influenced by Christian ideas and Christian groups .
All of these groups are less than 200 years old .
The biggest by numbers is the Catholic Church .
He is an example of how Christians should live .
It is based on the life and teachings of Jesus of Nazareth of the New Testament .
Christianity is a monotheistic religion started from the life and teachings of Jesus of Nazareth of the New Testament .
It is based on the life and teachings of Jesus of Nazareth .
These can be found in the New Testament in the Bible .
It is based on the life and teachings of Jesus of Nazareth of the New Testament .
Christianity is based on the life and teachings of Jesus of Nazareth .
These can be found in the New Testament in the Bible .
Christians believe that Jesus ' birth was prophesied in the Old Testament .
This means that it is a religion that believes there is only one God .
This means that it is a religion that believes in one God .
They started as formulas used when somone was baptised .
During the Christological controversies of the 4th and 5th centuries they became statements of faith .
They started as baptismal formulas and were later became larger during the Christological controversies of the 4th and 5th centuries to become statements of faith .
This is one of the main differences to the Catholic and the Orthodox .
Protestants differ from Catholic and Orthodox Christians in placing more importance on a person 's experience of first choosing to follow Jesus .
Its preview appeared during the final episode of ' .
Around 800 people were chosen for an interview in July or August 2004 .
Around 800 applicants were selected for an interview between the latter part of July and August 2004 .
About 800 people were chosen for an interview in July or August 2004 .
It started with twenty players .
Koror from the beginning .
Around 800 people were chosen for an interview in July or August 2004 .
It began with twenty contestants .
Koror dominated from the very beginning .
Stephenie LaGrossa and Bobby Jon Drinkard competed once again in ' where they placed 2nd and 9th respectively .
They began to work on a shelter for everybody .
Ulong won no immunity challenges and only three reward challenges .
Ulong would win no immunity challenges and very few reward challenges .
Ian attempted to make ammends but Katie still held bad feelings towards him .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a player got during Tribal Councils where the player is able to be voted out of the game .
It does not count the votes they got during the last Tribal Council .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a castaway has received during Tribal Councils where the castaway is eligible to be voted out of the game .
It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .
Two players were eliminated when the tribes were chosen .
Jonathan and Wanda were the two that were eliminated .
There was no reward challenge because of Stephenie joining Koror .
Two players were eliminated in a tribal selection process .
Jonathan and Wanda were the two that were eliminated immediately .
There was no reward challenge due to the fact that Stephenie became a member of Koror .
The first man and first woman to wear the necklaces gets the chance to start the tribe picking process the next day where the last man and woman that is not picked into a tribe will leave the game .
Host Jeff Probst surprised the new players that there will be an individual Immunity Challenge as two necklaces are waiting at shore .
The first man and first woman to wear the necklaces gets the chance to initiate the tribe selection process the next day wherein the last man and woman that is not picked into a tribe will automatically be eliminated .
Host Jeff Probst surprised the new castaways that there will be an impromptu individual Immunity Challenge as two necklaces are waiting at shore .
The tribes would choose which they want to race with .
Then they would race across water to get their tribe flag .
The tribes would choose which items they want to race with .
The final leg would be an outrigger race on the water to retrieve their tribe flag .
The first tribe to get all 10 of their flags wins .
Each box had a Morse code letter written on it .
The first tribe to collect all 10 of their flags wins .
Each mess kit had a Morse code letter inscribed on it .
They thought she was weak .
They even thought about a tie vote .
The first tribe member to fight off the and swim the ring to their buoy would get a point .
The first tribe to catch up to the other tribe and tag them would win Immunity .
Jeff said that his ankle was too much torture for him and asked his team to vote him out .
Bobby Jon and James still wanted to vote off lazy Kim .
The first tribe member to fight off the opposition and swim the ring to their designated buoy would get a point .
The first tribe to catch up to the other tribe and tag them would gain Immunity .
Jeff confessed that his ankle was too much torture for him and asked his team to vote him out .
Bobby Jon and James still insisted they oust lazy Kim .
Host Jeff Probst and Survivor production designer Jesse will then both bathrooms .
The Survivors would use bags to knock their out of a ring and into the sea .
The first tribe to get six wins would win Immunity .
Koror won once again .
Host Jeff Probst and Survivor production designer Jesse will then judge both bathrooms .
The Survivors would use padded duffle bags to knock their adversaries out of a ring and into the sea .
The first tribe to win six bouts would take Immunity .
The first tribe to get their flag and put it up a flagpole wins Immunity .
The first tribe to capture their flag and hoist it up a flagpole wins Immunity .
Koror won once more .
The teams must race into the water to erect a custom tower using scaffolding .
Janu clashed with Gregg and Katie because of the former 's work ethic and her dramatic demeanor .
The available in the auction will stay covered after someone takes them .
The items available in the auction will be remained covered after someone takes them .
The first player to place all the markers in the right spots wins .
The players must repeat the watercourse until one of the player 's grids looks exactly like the one on the course .
Ian continued to be aligned with Katie and wanted to vote out Caryn .
The first player to place all the markers correctly would win .
The players must repeat the watercourse until one of them replicated their grid exactly in order to win Immunity .
Ian reaffirmed his alliance with Katie and insisted to vote out Caryn .
The first two players to finish would race i the ocean and find a combination lock box with another flag .
The last player left hanging on would win the last immunity challenge .
Tom Westman won the tenth season of Survivor .
The first two players to finish would race down a flying fox into the ocean and retrieve a combination lock box containing another flag .
The last player left hanging on would win Final Immunity .
Bobby Jon and Angie were not able to vote in the second Tribal Council vote .
Ibrehem and James were not able to vote in the second Tribal Council vote .
Bobby Jon and Angie were not eligible to vote in the second Tribal Council vote .
Ibrehem and James were not eligible to vote in the second Tribal Council vote .
Ararat is the largest town in the local government area known as the Rural City of Ararat .
Ararat began as a gold mining town .
Ararat is the largest town in the local government area know as the Rural City of Ararat .
The town is built between mountain ranges and surrounded by fertile grazing country .
There are about 8220 people living in Ararat .
Europeans first moved into in the area in the 1840s after explorer Thomas Mitchell passed through the area in 1836 .
It is from his diary and the nearby mountain that the town takes its name .
The Post Office opened 1 February 1856 the area was called Cathcart until 31 August 1857 .
This was the beginning of great growth in Ararat .
Vineyards were planted in 1863 by French settlers .
The town is set between mountain ranges and surrounded by fertile grazing country and has a population of approximately 8220 .
Europeans first settled in the Grampians region in the 1840s after surveyor Thomas Mitchell passed through the area in 1836 .
It is from this entry and the nearby Mount that the town takes its name .
The Post Office opened 1 February 1856 although known as Cathcart until 31 August 1857 .
Vines were planted in 1863 by French settlers .
He named a nearby hill Mt Ararat .
The Northern Melbourne Institute of TAFE has a campus in Ararat .
HM Prison Ararat has been built just outside the town .
Ararat is also close to the Grampians Wine Region .
The Post Office opened 1 February 1856 the area was called Cathcart until 31 August 1857 .
A regional campus of the Northern Melbourne Institute of TAFE is located in Ararat .
HM Prison Ararat is located in the town .
Ararat is also the gateway to the Grampians Wine Region .
The town is built between mountain ranges and with good farming lands all around it .
The city was named after the mountain .
The city is built on the Western Highway which is the main road between Melbourne and Adelaide .
Ararat has an Australian rules football team whihc plays in the Wimmera Football League .
Ararat Harness Racing Club has regular meetings at its racetrack in the town .
Golfers play at the Aradale Golf Club on Grano Street or at the Chalambar Golf Club on Golf Links Road .
Shane Kelly Olympic cyclist and medal winner .
Is the largest town in the local government area known as the Rural City of Ararat and is in the federal Division of Wannon .
The town is built between mountain ranges and surrounded by fertile grazing country .
It is from his diary and the nearby mountain that the town takes its name .
The city is located on the Western Highway .
Before this time it operated three days per week and offered 30 services .
Ararat has an Australian rules football team competing in the Wimmera Football League .
Ararat Harness Racing Club conducts regular meetings at its racetrack in the town .
Golfers play at the Aradale Golf Club on Grano Street or at the course of the Chalambar Golf Club on Golf Links Road .
Shane Kelly Olympic Cyclist and medal winner .
The town is built between mountains with good farming lands all around it .
This was the start of great growth in Ararat .
French settlers planted grape vines in the area in 1863 .
Ararat has an Australian Rules Football team which plays in the Wimmera Football League .
Ararat Harness Racing Club has regular meetings at its race track in the town .
The town is built between mountain ranges and with good farming lands all around it .
This was the beginning of great growth in Ararat .
Vineyards were planted in 1863 by French settlers .
Ararat is also close to the Grampians Wine Region .
Ararat has an Australian rules football team whihc plays in the Wimmera Football League .
Ararat Harness Racing Club has regular meetings at its racetrack in the town .
In 2006 there were 1605 people living in the town .
Clunes was the site of the first gold rush in Victoria .
The town was home to Victoria 's first gold discovery made by James Esmond .
The town was started a few years later .
Clunes post office opened on 1 October 1857 and in 1874 Clunes was joined to the Victorian railway network .
During this period more than of gold was dug up at Clunes .
At the 2006 census it had a population of 1605 .
The town was home to Victoria 's first registered gold discovery made by James Esmond .
Clunes post office opened as early as 1 October 1857 and in 1874 Clunes was connected to the Victorian railway network .
In 1873 mine employers attempted to introduce Saturday afternoon and Sunday shifts .
The miners refused to sign the new terms outlined in their contract renewals and went on strike .
Over 50 book sellers from around Australia set up shop for the day in the town 's heritage buildings .
Clunes also appears in the movies Mad Max starring Mel Gibson and the remake of the 1950s classic On the Beach .
The town has an Australian Rules Football team playing in the Central Highlands Football League .
Over 50 booksellers from around Australia set up shop for the day in the town 's heritage buildings .
Clunes also appears in the films Mad Max starring Mel Gibson and the remake of the 1950s classic On the Beach .
The town has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Central Highlands Football League .
Danni Boatwright won this season .
A preview of the show 's location was shown during the finale of ' .
Stephenie LaGrossa and Bobby Jon Drinkard from ' also returned this season .
This season also features the return of ' contestants Stephenie LaGrossa and Bobby Jon Drinkard .
Host Jeff Probst says that temperatures seemed to be over with a lot of humidity .
He talked about it during some of the challenges .
Challenges like the walk through the jungle and Mayan basketball showed how tired all the players were .
Challenges like the hike through the jungle and Mayan basketball showed how exhausted all the castaways were .
Both of these tribes were named after two old Mayan cities .
Both of these tribes were named after two former Mayan cities .
The players came on June 22 and began filming on June 27 .
Filming ended on August 4 and players returned home August 5 .
The contestants arrived on June 22 and began filming on June 27 .
Filming ended on August 4 and contestants returned home August 5 .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a player got during Tribal Councils where the player is able to be voted out of the game .
It does not count the votes they got during the final Tribal Council .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a castaway has received during Tribal Councils where the castaway is eligible to be voted out of the game .
It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .
They were also told that their first reward challenge would be an walk to a campsite near some Mayan ruins .
They were also told that their first reward challenge would be an hike to a campsite near some Mayan ruins .
This location was used before in ' and ' .
This location was previously used for ' and ' .
The season had a twist that started in ' called Exile Island .
The island also had a hidden immunity idol that could be used at tribal council after the votes have been made .
This gave the person who found the idol an because that person can keep the idol secret until he or she was voted off .
The season included a twist that originally came from ' called Exile Island .
Each week at least one castaway is banished for the time period between the reward challenge and the immunity challenge on Exile Island .
The island also contained a hidden immunity idol that could be used at tribal council after the votes have been cast .
Bayoneta and Viveros no longer existed .
One person from each of the four starting tribes were in the final four .
During the second episode the Viveros and Bayoneta tribes were dissolved and in a schoolyard pick with only Casaya and La Mina making two new integrated tribes .
Cirie Fields was chosen from this season to return in ' as part of the Favorites tribe and placed 3rd .
Cirie Fields was selected from this season to compete in ' as part of the Favorites tribe and placed 3rd .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a player got during Tribal Councils where the player is able to be voted out of the game .
It does not count the votes they got during the final Tribal Council .
The Total Votes is the number of votes a castaway has received during Tribal Councils where the castaway is eligible to be voted out of the game .
It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .
He joined Casaya after Melinda was voted off .
There was no Immunity Challenge because of Bruce being removed from the game .
He joined Casaya after Melinda 's elimination .
There was no Immunity Challenge due to Bruce 's withdrawal of the game .
The person must smash the skull that has a tight ball of fabric .
Once the amulet is found the person must run back to their tribemates .
The tribe has the choice to dig down many feet and look for an answer key to solve the puzzle .
All 16 players came on what was later told to be Exile Island for the start of the game .
Then a Reward Challenge started .
The older tribes did well .
La Mina built a bonfire .
The representative must smash the skull that contains a tightly bound ball of fabric .
Once the amulet is found the representative must run back to their tribemates .
The tribe has the option to dig down several feet and search to uncover an answer key to solve the brainteaser .
All 16 castaways arrived on what was later revealed as Exile Island for the start of the game .
Then an impromptu Reward Challenge commenced .
The older tribes fared well .
La Mina successfully built a bonfire .
The tribes will grabe two snakes at each of three stations .
Each tribe must get one player to carry all six snakes through the whole course .
Each tribe has a boat anchored to the ocean floor with a big wooden box .
Five tribe members have to pull out the plugs and begin heading out of the water out of the boat while the other two tribe members jump into the water and start moving the boat by pulling the anchor towards shore .
Bayoneta and Viveros no longer existed .
The new La Mina Tribe won the Reward Challenge and was given a raft and fishing supplies .
The tribes will collect two snakes at each of three stations .
Each tribe must delegate one player to carry all six snakes throughout the entire course .
Each tribe has a boat anchored to the ocean floor with a large wooden box .
Five tribe members have to pull out the plugs and begin bailing water out of the boat while the other two tribe members jump into the water and start moving the boat by pulling the anchor towards shore .
The new La Mina Tribe won the Reward Challenge and was give a raft and fishing supplies .
La Mina won camping s and the power to choose which member of Casaya would be sent to Exile Island at the Reward Challenge .
Shane 's mood swings continued and started problems among his alliance .
La Mina won camping essentials and the right to choose which member of Casaya would be exiled at the Reward Challenge .
Shane 's mood swings continued and created friction among his alliance .
First tribe to get it together right wins the Reward .
First tribe to raise their flag wins Immunity .
Bobby started problems with his teammates by not agreeing with how the reward should be used .
First tribe to get it together correctly wins the Reward .
First tribe to release their flag wins Immunity .
Bobby created some friction with his teammates by disagreeing with how the reward should be used .
Immunity Challenge Each tribe must send three members to paddle out to grab skulls from four coffins sitting at the bottom of the ocean .
The two tribe members left use those four puzzle pieces to build a skull pyramid .
The first tribe to build their skull pyramid and put their gold skull on top wins Immunity .
Bruce 's Zen Garden caused problems at Casaya and Aras felt he should have been helping with camp .
The losing tribe will not go back to camp with nothing .
They were to choose either a sack of rice or a sack of beans .
Immunity Challenge Each tribe must send three members to paddle out to collect skulls from four coffins sitting on the ocean floor .
The two remaining tribe members use those four puzzle pieces to build a skull pyramid .
The first tribe to build their skull pyramid and place their gold skull on top wins Immunity .
Bruce 's Zen Garden caused friction in Casaya and Aras felt he should instead have been helping with the daily camp chores .
The first tribe to solve it right will win Immunity and the Reward .
She was not allowed to vote at Tribal Council .
He ended up smoking after having to stop for a long time .
The first tribe to solve it correctly will win Immunity and the Reward .
He ended up smoking after a long abstinence .
Whoever falls off of the pole will be removed from the challenge .
The last player hanging wins Immunity .
La Mina got treemail that they are to go to Casaya for the tribal merge .
Whoever falls off of the pole will be eliminated .
The last castaway hanging wins Immunity .
La Mina received treemail that they are to go to Casaya for the merge .
Terry ended up winning his second second immunity challenge in a row .
Terry told Danielle that she could have the immunity idol if she switched .
Terry ended up victorious with his second individual immunity win in a row .
Terry offered Danielle the immunity idol in exchange for her switch .
One person will lie face down on a cradle hanging in the air by bungee cords .
The teammates will pull those ropes to move the person on the cradle as they grab fifteen flags and place them in order into the right holes .
The first person to solve the puzzle right wins Immunity .
One person will lie face down on a cradle suspended in the air by bungee cords .
The teammates will pull those ropes to maneuver the person on the cradle as they grab fifteen flags and place them in order into their appropriate slots .
The first person to solve the puzzle correctly wins Immunity .
The questions will be asked to the group .
Terry seemed to become less happy about being outside of the Casaya alliance .
The medical team came and took him out of the game .
The questions will be posed to the group .
Terry seemed to become more bitter about his continued status outside of the alliance .
The medical team arrived and took him out of the game .
Each team member will be attached to a rope that 's a bit longer than the obstacle course .
They must follow the rope while traveling though the different obstacles .
They 'll be holding on to two ropes connected to a hook with weights .
Each team member will be attached to a rope that spans the length of an obstacle course .
They must follow the rope while navigating the various obstacles .
They 'll be holding on to two ropes connected to a weighted hook .
The first four to find their bag move on to the second part of the challenge .
The first three to get to the finish with both bag and snake move on to the third part of the challenge .
Players in a Reward Challenge of obstacles from past challenges for a visit with loved ones .
The winner would choose who gets what with their loved one .
The first four to find their bag move on to the second round .
The first three to get to the finish with both bag and snake proceed to the third round .
Players competed in a Reward Challenge of obstacles from past challenges for a visit with loved ones .
The winner would decide who gets what with their loved one .
The puzzle will tell them the next set of coordinates .
This left Terry further separated from the rest of the tribe .
The puzzle will reveal the next set of coordinates .
This left Terry further isolated among the tribe .
Terry won the Reward Challenge .
The final three were taken to Exile Island to take part in a tribute to the players voted off before them .
Danielle won the last immunity after Terry fell off and Aras jumped off after getting a nod from Danielle .
Aras and Danielle got celebrated with a feast the next day .
Terry wins the Reward Challenge .
The final three were taken to Exile Island to take part in a tribute to the eliminated Survivors .
Danielle won the final immunity after Terry fell off and Aras jumped off after receiving a nod from Danielle .
Aras and Danielle received a celebratory food reward the next day .
The first Reich came about when the Carolingian Empire broke into pieces in 843 .
For most of the time it existed people knew it as the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation .
It existed in different forms until it broke apart in 1806 because of the Napoleonic Wars .
It killed many on both sides .
He claimed nearby countries to be part of Germany .
Germany is a constitutional federal democracy .
The Bundesrat can help make some laws .
This person has no real powers .
Germany is one of the bigger countries in Europe .
There are at least seven million people who are from other countries living in Germany .
A lot of these people do not speak German at home .
Germany has given a lot to world culture .
Germany is very big .
Germany is a major place to go for people from poor or dangerous countries who need to run away to a different place .
Many Danish people live in the north .
Germany has given a lot to the culture of the World .
German was once the language that many people from different countries in Europe spoke in order to understand each other when they did n't know each other 's language .
Ten thousand Jews from countries that used to be ruled by the Soviet Union have moved to Germany since the Berlin wall was destroyed .
Germany stayed an empire with many different kinds of people for another 50 years .
The first Reich began when the Carolingian Empire ended in 843 .
This new nation was known as the Holy Roman Empire .
Germany stayed an empire with people from different national backgrounds for another 50 years .
The first Reich came about when the Carolingian Empire broke into pieces in 843 .
For most of the time it existed people knew it as the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation .
It existed in different forms until it broke apart in 1806 because of the Napoleonic Wars .
To the east of Germany are the countries of Poland and the Czech Republic .
To the south of Germany are the countries of Austria and Switzerland .
To the east of Germany are the countries Poland and the Czech Republic .
To the south of Germany are the countries Austria and Switzerland .
The seventh Harry Potter book will be called Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows .
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows .
The character Harry Potter is the hero in the stories .
Harry Potter is born with the power to do magic .
There are seven books total in the series .
They started making the movies in 2001 .
Has a half brother called Grawp .
It was not invading anyone else .
Roman Catholics from Europe eventually decided to fight to take Spain from the Muslims .
These were very cruel wars .
Spain went similarly .
These were the islands of the Caribbean Sea .
Jews had been expelled from Spain .
This new gold rulers and colonial governors made them rich .
Meanwhile others ' savings became worth less due to inflation .
Spain became a society of very rich and very poor .
They found damaged and dying societies with people who had lost some of their most important leaders and thinkers .
Millions of natives died mining gold for the Spanish .
The Spanish Empire also at this time funded the Spanish Inquisition which tortured and killed anyone who disagreed with the Roman Catholic Church .
The nobles of Spain no longer had to fight anyone since the internal feuds were over .
No one could challenge their power .
In many ways it was held together as a reign of terror .
A few rulers got rich .
But none of this mattered much to the rulers .
The great satire Don Quixote was written about this time .
Britain sent its own troops to defend Spain since it was so weak .
Today Britain has strong ties to Spain from this time .
Many Brits vacation there .
They were Muslims .
The Christians from Europe decided to fight to take back Spain from the Muslims .
They fought wars for many hundreds of years .
It is in the middle of the country .
Spain has more than five hundred thousand square kilometres of land .
Spain has 17 parts called autonomous communities .
Each part has its own government .
The Spanish language is the most popular language in Spain .
This type of government is called a constitutional monarchy .
Forty three million people live in Spain .
Each autonomous community has its own government .
The Christian kingdoms that were still in the North of Spain decided to fight to conquer the rest Spain again from the Muslims .
This kind of government is called a constitutional monarchy .
Forty million people live in Spain .
Each part has its own government .
The Christian kingdoms that were still in the North of Spain decided to fight to take the rest Spain again from the Muslims .
This kind of government is called a constitutional monarchy .
Forty million people live in Spain .
Each part has its own government .
The Christian kingdoms that were still in the North of Spain decided to fight to take the rest Spain again from the Muslims .
This type of government is called a constitutional monarchy .
Forty three million people live in Spain .
Each autonomous community has its own government .
The Christian kingdoms that were still in the North of Spain decided to fight to conquer the rest Spain again from the Muslims .
There were people living there at least in the Bronze Age .
It was Ferdinand who now ruled all of Spain .
One example of this is the Mezquita in Cordoba .
Malaga is on the Andalucian coast .
There were people living at least in the bronze age .
Malaga is in the Andalucian coast .
They would move Christians from the north of Spain into the areas they won .
In the new conquered regions they carried out repopulation processes with Christians from the North of Spain .
The people of Spain are called Spaniards .
The religion of most of the people in Spain is Roman Catholic .
The people of Spain are called greasers .
The religion of most of the people in Spain is gomez .
World War I was a war which many countries faught in .
It happened in different parts of the world .
So it is called a world war .
So the first one was called The Great War or the war to end all wars .
It is very complicated .
The First World War was different from older wars .
Many of the deadliest battles in history happen in this war .
The treaty of Versailles officially ended to the war .
Therefore it is called a world war .
Therefore the first one was called The Great War or the war to end all wars .
It is rather complicated .
The First World War was different from prior military conflicts .
Many of the deadliest battles in history occurred in this war .
The treaty of Versailles put official end to the war .
World War I was a war which many countries fought in .
World War I was a war which many countries faught in .
World War I was a big war with lots of countries fighting .
The allies win .
The end .
World War I was a war which many countries fought in .
It happened in different parts of the world .
So it is called a world war .
It lasted from 1914 to 1918 .
Later there was another one .
It was called World War II .
Before this second war the people did not know that there would be another one .
So the first one was called The Great War or the war to end all wars .
The war started after Archduke Ferdinand of Austria was killed by members of a Serbian terrorist group called black hand .
This happened in Sarajevo .
It is very complicated .
The countries of Europe were linked and divided by a web of alliances .
The involvement of Russia brought France into the war .
In 1917 Italy and the United States joined the Allies .
The First World War was different from older wars .
These were used in large numbers against old tactics .
Many of the deadliest battles in history happen in this war .
Perhaps the most important event caused by the hardship of the war was the Russian Revolution .
The treaty of Versailles officially ended to the war .
It required heavy reparations to be paid by Germany .
The experiences of the war led to a sort of trauma for all the participating countries .
Austria Hungary said this was a very bad crime .
Austria Hungary said this was a very bad thing to do .
In the country of Austria Hungary there lived many peoples who spoke different languages .
In the south there were many Slavs who spoke the same language or at least very similar languages .
Many of them thought they should live together in one country along with other Slavs in Montenegro and Serbia .
In the country of Austria Hungary there lived many peoples who spoke very differently from one another .
In the south there were many Slavs who spoke in a very similar way .
Many of them thought they should live together in one land along with other Slavs in Montenegro and Serbia .
A part of the treaty said the contries of the world should come together to make an international organization to stop wars happening called the League of Nations .
The US senate did n't agree with this even though it was the idea of the US president Woodrow Wilson .
Woodrow Wilson tried had to tell the American people that they should agree but the US never joined the League of Nations .
It started in 1914 and it ended in 1918 .
Other names it has been called include The Great War and The War to End all Wars .
A total of 135 countries took part in World War I.
It lasted from 1914 to 1918 .
It was also called The Great War and The War to End all Wars .
Other names it has been called are The Great War and The War to End all Wars .
Other names it has been called include The Great War and The War to End all Wars .
Then the Americans began to come .
Then the Americans began to arrive .
The German generals decided to use submarines .
But then some Americans were killed by the submarines .
Then the Americans began to come to Europe .
The German Generals decided to use submarines .
They attacked the ships that were carrying food and weapons to Great Britain .
But some Americans were killed by the submarines .
The United States then got in the war against Germany and joined the allies .
Then the Americans began to come .
Trench warfare is when people fight in trenches .
Trenches are what people dig to fight in them .
All five of the men failed to kill the archduke while he passed through the large crowd .
Russia was friends with Serbia .
Russia was allied with Serbia .
World War II was a war fought between the Allies and the Axis Powers .
It was the bloodiest war ever fought in the history of mankind so far .
They were later joined by the Soviet Union who were attacked by the German land and air forces on June 22nd 1941 .
World War II was the bloodiest war ever fought in the history of mankind so far .
China had been invaded by Japan in 1931 .
They were later joined by the Soviet Union after Germany attacked them on June 22nd 1941 .
About 55 million people were killed .
The atomic bomb was first used by the United States during this war .
They were later joined by the Soviet Union after Germany attacked the Soviet Union on June 22nd 1941 .
They were part of the British Empire and were friendly with Great Britain .
After this war Germany became a democracy .
He wanted more land .
Great Britain and France made a deal with Germany to not attack any more countries .
After this war Germany was poor .
After this war Germany became a democracy .
German airplanes bombed the city of London to weaken the British .
The Soviets joined the Allied Powers .
The German army captured large amounts of Soviet land and encircled Leningrad .
Hitler ordered that the city of London be bombed to try to weaken the British .
The bombing runs that lasted from September 1940 to May 1941 were called The Blitz .
World War II was a war fought between the butcracks of hitler and herman .
World War II was a war fought between the Allies and the Axis Powers .
World War II was a war fought between the Allies and the Axis Powers .
World War II was a war fought between the butcracks of hitler and herman .
Areas along the Rhine River were occupied by France .
Germany was forced to not have a large army and no air force or navy .
After this war Germany had to give up land money on air forus or navy where not able to enter the riyn land and limited army and gave up mony .
About 72 million people died .
World War II was yesterdaywar fought between the Allies and the Axis Powers .
World War II was a war fought between the Allies and the Axis Powers .
World War II was war fought between the Allies and the Axis Powers .
World War II was yesterdaywar fought between the Allies and the Axis Powers .
World War II was a war fought between the Allies and the Axis Powers .
World War II was war fought between the Allies and the Axis Powers .
The war ended with a big victory for the glorious nation of Germany .
It ran from 1939 until 1945 .
It was called a World War because countries from every continent became involved .
In both places it ended in 1945 .
Germany was unallowed to have an air force or big ships in its navy .
He prosecuted and persecuted others for whom he did not like .
Japan then started to begin to expand its country to include parts of China and some islands near the Pacific .
Germany was unallowed to have an air force or massive ships in its navy .
He prosecuted and persecuted others for whom he had disdain for .
Japan then started to begin to expand its country to include China and some islands near the Pacific .
Germany lost this war .
World War II was a war fought between the Allied Powers and the Axis Powers .
It ran from 1939 until 1945 .
Germany lost this war .
Surrender land and money as compensation for the damage done .
They promised to help Poland if it was attacked .
Japan then started to begin to expand its country to include parts of China and some islands near the Pacific .
German aeroplanes bombed the city of London to weaken the British .
The bombings lasted about two years .
Winston Churchill played a major role in keeping citizens under control but by the time The Blitz ended many civilians lost their lives .
The Soviets joined the Allied Powers .
The majority of German forces would spend the war fighting the Soviets .
The German army captured large amounts of Soviet land and encircled Leningrad .
At the same time the Siege of Leningrad was relieved .
It was the last time in the war that the Germans were able to send a major attack against the Allies .
Many battles were fought in the Pacific .
The United States went on an Island Hopping campaign to capture small islands that were under Japanese control .
President Harry Truman of the Americans gave the order to drop an atomic bomb on Japan .
The war also made weapons with far more killing .
The atomic bomb was first used by the United States during this war .
President Truman ordered two atomic bombs to be dropped from airplanes on the two Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
No atomic weapons have been used in war since then .
The British naval advantage over Germany is lost by this agreement .
The Ethiopian Emperor Haile Selassie goes into exile in Britain .
Germany recognizes Manchukuo .
Robb did it !
WORLD WAR TWO WAS ROBB 'S FAULT .
HITLER WAS JUST A PUPPET .
The Allies thought Poland would be the next country Hitler attacked .
Because of that USA declared war on Japan .
Japan could not expand with the US in the way .
The landings were successful and led to the defeat of the German forces in France .
Japan planned to take over European colonies in Asia to create a great defensive area in the Pacific as well as gathering resources .
They also attacked harbors in many South East Asian countries .
Most of the Axis nations reacted by declaring war on the United States .
The Japanese navy got many quick victories .
This included the landings in many South East Asian countries .
Most of the Axis nations reacted by declare war on the United States .
The Japanese navy also get many victories .
As well as the defeat at Midway in June .
During the Ottoman Empite until 1926 Skydra was known with the name Vertikop or Vartikop .
The name was derived from the Turkish or Slavic languages .
It was named like that because of a river that crossed these places .
He is almost a symbol of love and forgiveness .
This makes Katerina so angry she goes into a hysterical fit .
This makes Katerina so she goes into a hysterical fit .
A medical school is a place where medical students practice medicine .
A Medical school is a place where medical students practice medicine .
The Othersiders was an American paranormal television series on Cartoon Network .
The Othersiders was an American television series on Cartoon Network .
The sea is one of the most areas in the world .
The sea is one of the most seismic areas in the world .
The sea is one of the most seismic areas in the world .
The sea is one of the most areas in the world .
In 2006 there were about 116 people living in and around Peechelba .
The town is home to a nature reserve and is close the Ovens River .
In 1883 a new Peechelba office opened which closed in 1889 .
A railway station was opened in Peechelba on 31 October 1927 .
The line was closed on 8 December 1986 .
A primary school was opened at Peechelba in 1880 and closed in 1903 .
A new school opened at Peechelba Township in 1891 and was closed in 1970 .
Peechelba Beef is now the largest feedlot in the Southern Hemisphere .
They soon surrounded the main house .
People ripped off his hair and beard as souveniers .
His head was cut off and sent to the professor of anatomy at the University of Melbourne .
The town is home to a nature reserve and is not far from the Ovens River .
This closed in 1889 .
Michael Bowen returned to bass playing .
Scott Hedrick left the group .
Julie McDermott left the group shortly afterward .
Shortly after the release of Men Who Pause the group disbanded .
A 21 song cassette only release .
Shortly after this release bassist Kevin Valient left the group .
Drummer Michael Bowen moved to bass guitar and vocals and Bill Alphin became the new drummer .
Michael Bowen returned to bass and vocals .
Scot Hedrick left the group .
The group moved to Baltimore Maryland in December of 1994 .
The area of the municipality is .
The distance to Agua Prieta is .
The town is oconnected to Aguq Prieta by a railroad .
The land is mountainous and is part of the Sierra Madre Occidental mountains .
A library and a small hospital were also built .
Phelps kept the mines until 1948 when the copper had all been taken out .
Poems and songs have been written about him and and about the accident .
The name Nacozari is an word from the language of the Opata people who used to live in the area .
It is located at an elevation of .
The distance to Agua Prieta is 123 kilometers .
It is also on the railroad that connects with Agua Prieta .
The land is mountainous and is part of the spurs of the Sierra Madre Occidental mountains .
Nacozari began with the discovery of mines in 1660 .
Phelps kept the mines until 1948 when they had no copper in them any more .
All except essential employees of the National Railways of Mexico get the day off .
The name Nacozari is an Opata word that means abundance of nopal .
This makes Big Max pumpkins good for keeping .
The flesh is good for being canned and frozen .
The flesh has been described as good for canning and freezing .
This makes Big Max squash good for keeping .
They are said to not be as flavorful as smaller pumpkin varieties .
This makes Big Max pumpkins good for keeping .
They have been grown as big as 300 pounds .
The variety was hybridized for its size during the early 1960s .
Specimens as large as 300 pounds have been grown .
Travira 's aircraft are used by big mineral companies including ExxonMobil and West Natuna Consortium .
They are also used by mining companies in Sumbawa and East Kalimantan .
They are known for their long periods of hibernation .
They move quickly and are good at climbing .
Dormice have a very good sense of hearing .
They make noises to each other with different sounds using their voices .
Dormice are different to all other rodents because they do not have a cecum which is a part of the gut .
Other animals use the cecum to ferment plants .
Dormice can live for as long as five years .
The young are born without hair and they can not do anything for themselves .
They are usually ready to reproduce after the end of their first hibernation .
Dormice live in small family groups .
One of the main characteristics of dormice that live in temperate zones is hibernation .
They sometimes wake for a short amount of time so that they can eat food which they had previously stored nearby .
Hibernation is where the name dormouse comes from .
The sleepy behavior of the Dormouse character in Lewis Carroll 's Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland also shows this trait .
The edible dormouse was thought to be a special food in ancient Rome .
It was eaten as an appetizer or as a dessert .
The Romans had a special place to keep dormice which was called a glirarium .
Dormice are still eaten in Slovenia .
The earliest fossil evidence of dormice has been found in Europe from the early Eocene times .
They have been found to have been in Africa in the upper Miocene .
Their appearance in Asia was not as long ago .
Many types of extinct dormouse species have been found .
They are particularly known for their long periods of hibernation .
They can live for as long as five years .
They typically become sexually mature after the end of their first hibernation .
One of the most notable characteristics of those dormice that live in temperate zones is hibernation .
The sleepy behavior of the Dormouse character in Lewis Carroll 's Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland also attests to this trait .
The Romans had a special kind of enclosure known as glirarium used to breed dormice for the table .
Dormice to this day are eaten in Slovenia .
They appear in Africa in the upper Miocene and only relatively recently in Asia .
Many types of extinct dormouse species have been identified .
The locations in the UK where the Hazel Dormouse can be found is shown on the National Biodivestity Network website .
It is a nocturnal creature and spends most of its waking hours looking for food in trees .
It will make long trips in tree branches instead of coming down to the ground .
This is to avoid danger .
It curls up into a ball and goes to sleep .
Other animals including squirrels or jays will either split the shell completely in half or make a jagged hole in it .
The toothmarks are parallel with rough marks on the nut surface if a Wood Mouse made the hole .
The Bank Vole leaves parallel grooves with no rough marks .
Hazel is the main food that dormice eat to fatten up before hibernation .
The tree is also an important provider of insects .
The Hazel Dormouse needs different food sources at different times of year is required to survive .
These contain lots of different species and are connected to woodland .
This is because many shrubs do not begin to produce fruit for this long .
This is the Dormouse 's main food source .
The Hazel Dormouse 's Latin name avellanarius means Hazel .
The acorns are not often eaten by dormice .
This tree 's flowers and fruit are food .
The dormouse uses the bark for nesting material .
The dormouse eats the flowers and fruits .
The thorns give protection for the dormouse 's nest .
Dormice eat the seed keys when they are still on the tree .
Viburnum lantana .
The dormouse eats the fruits and flowers .
Dormice eat the fruits .
Dormice eat the seeds .
Dormice eat unripe seeds and the insects which live on this plant .
Dormice eat the seeds .
Sweet chestnut .
Dormice eat the floers and the chestnuts .
Dormice eat the fruit .
Dormice eat the flowers in the spring .
Deer and humans can trample dormice if they are on the ground .
It is a nocturnal creature and spends most of its waking hours among the branches of trees looking for food .
It will make long detours rather than come down to the ground and expose itself to danger .
Other animals such as squirrels or jays will either split the shell completely in half or make a jagged hole in it .
Looking closer will show that the inner rim of the hole has toothmarks which are at an angle to the hole for the dormouse .
A variety of different food sources available at different times of year is required to ensure the Hazel Dormouse survives .
This is because many shrubs do not begin to fruit until that time period has passed .
Flowers and fruit are food .
Thorns give protection for nests .
Dormice thrive on blackberries .
However they cast a dense shade which decreases the understory .
This is the reason for the word edible in its name .
Using dormice for food and fur is mentioned in documents which were written in the 13th century .
They also mention the use of dormouse fat as a medicine .
Poor and hungry peasants would eat dormice during winter because it is a good protein source .
It was accidentally introduced to the town of Tring in England after some dormice escaped from the of Lionel Walter Rothschild in 1902 .
This animal is seen as a pest by some people .
Dormouse trapping is a Slovenian ethnic tradition .
Use of dormice for food and fur and of dormouse fat as a medicine is mentioned in documents written since at least the 13th century .
Seasonal dormice feasts were welcome protein supplements for the poor and hungry peasantry .
It was accidentally introduced to the town of Tring in England through an escape from Lionel Walter Rothschild 's private collection in 1902 .
Macaques are found in Japan .
Macaques are found throughout Japan .
It was written by George Orwell .
Renaissance medicine is the term used for the of medicine at the time of the Renaissance in Europe .
Renaissance medicine describes the of medicine in the time of the Renaissance in Europe .
Another problem was that certain sees and carbohydrate sources are toxic .
They are good ar climbing .
They have bushy tails .
They are very agile climbers and have bushy tails .
The Linnean Society of London is the world 's biggest for the study and discussion of taxonomy and natural history .
The Linnean Society was started in 1788 .
It was named after the Swedish naturalist Carolus Linnaeus .
The Linnean Society of London wants to promote the study of all areas of the biological sciences .
The Society awards medals and grants to help with this .
The Linnean Medal was started in 1888 .
Since 1958 it has been awarded to one of each in the same year .
The money comes from a legacy from the amateur naturalist Harry Howard Bloomer .
It is awarded to an amateur naturalist who has made an important to biology .
It is given to someone who has done important work and who is under the age of 40 years .
The Jill Smythies Award was started in 1986 .
It is awarded for botanical illustrations .
The Irene Manton Prize was started in 1990 .
It is awarded for the best in botany during an academic year .
They are held in London by the Society .
James Smith 's own plant collection is also kept by the Society .
The Linnean Society of London is the world 's largest society for the study and dissemination of taxonomy and natural history .
All forms of membership require nomination by at least two Fellows and are subject to election .
Fellows use the designation FLS after their names .
They may be viewed by appointment .
Smith 's own plant collection is also held by the Society .
Dollman 's Tree Mouse and Dollman 's Vlei Rat are named after him .
He was born on 4 September 1886 and went to St Paul 's School .
He later went to St John 's College Cambridge .
He was injured in a bomb accident so he did not fight in the First World War .
He was an to the British group at the 1933 International Conference for the Preservation of the Flora and Fauna of Africa .
This was the most important meeting about protecting nature before the Second World War .
He traveled and wrote a lot with Walter Rothschild .
Dollman died on 21 March 1942 when he was 65 years old .
Dollman 's Tree Mouse Dollman 's Vlei Rat are named after him .
He returned to the museum in 1919 .
Desmarest was born at Soulaines in the department of Aube in France .
A lot of people were interested in this and he was given job studying and reporting on manufactures in different countries .
He traveled around on foot to learn more about the earth 's structure .
In 1763 he noticed that the basalt rocks in in Auvergne were old lava streams .
He noticed that they were similar to the columns of the Giant 's Causeway in Ireland .
He knew that they were evidence of the operations of old volcanoes which were no longer active .
He then discussed the changes that the rocks had gone through because of weathering and erosion .
This was the first time that anyone had talked about valleys being made because streams which flowed through them eroding the rocks .
He died in Paris in 1815 .
He realized that they were evidence of the operations of extinct volcanoes .
He then commented on the succession of volcanic outbursts and the changes the rocks had undergone through weathering and erosion .
He died in Paris .
The opposite of endemism is cosmopolitan distribution .
Endemic types are most likely to develop on islands because they are isolated .
Endemics can easily become endangered or extinct because of only living in a small area .
To be endemic to a place or area means that it is found only in that part of the world and nowhere else .
An opposite notion is cosmopolitan distribution .
Endemic types or species are especially likely to develop on islands because of their geographical isolation .
Its tail is usually has a white tip .
It is only found in western South Africa .
It is nocturnal and it is good at climbing .
Its tail is also usually tipped with white .
It is nocturnal and an agile climber .
Thomas worked at the Natural History Museum in their mammals department .
He was given a job in the Museum Secretary 's office in 1876 .
In 1878 he moved to the Zoological Department .
In 1891 Thomas married a woman who was an to a large amount of money .
Having this money allowed him to hire mammal collectors and to give their specimens to the museum .
In 1896 when William Henry Flower took control of the Department he hired Richard Lydekker to rearrange the exhibitions .
This was not long after the death of his wife .
They give the cell structure and shape .
Cytoskeletal elements interact closely and often with cell membranes .
The cytoskeleton provides the cell with structure and shape .
Cytoskeletal elements interact extensively and intimately with cellular membranes .
Only two two female specimens have even been caught .
These were both caught in the Wanglang Natural Reserve and was first described by Wang Youzhi in 1985 .
It is the only member of the genus Chaetocauda .
It nests in trees about above the ground and the two specimens were found at an altitude of more than above sea level .
It is currently the only member of the genus Chaetocauda .
The two specimens had head and body lengths of 90mm and 91mm and tail lengths of 92mm and 102mm respectively .
They are usually found in forests or thickets .
These dormice hibernate in tree hollows or in burrows .
At night they nest in low branches or shrubs .
They spend most of their lives in trees .
They are nocturnal animals .
Forest dormice in southern areas breed from March to December .
Forest dormice in northern areas breed from May to August .
They generally occur in forests or thickets .
They are quite at home in an arboreal setting .
The animals are nocturnal .
Forest dormice breed from March to December in the southern part of their range and May to August in the north .
Wagner was a professor at the University of Munich .
The coat is gray or brown and it is white .
In 2007 only nine animals were found in two woods in Limburg .
It used to be very common in this area .
Garden dormice are mostly nocturnal .
They sleep in spherical nests in trees during the day .
The mating period is from April to June .
The babies are blind and have no fur when they are born .
They open their eyes after about eighteen days .
They are nursed until they are one month old .
They become ready to mate when they are a year old .
They will normally live for about five years .
Male Garden dormice may eat a rival dormouse during the mating season .
Cannibalism sometimes happens when the animal is coming out of hibernation .
On the islands of the Mediterranean Sea there are a few subspecies of garden dormouse .
They are all very .
The Garden dormice in western Asia and north Africa have been separated into their own species Eliomys melanurus .
The mating period lasts from April to June .
They have a life expectancy of about five years .
It is not unusual for a garden dormouse to eat one of its unfortunate rivals during the mating season .
Cannibalism is also observed occasionally when the animal is coming out of hibernation .
They are all very hard to find .
They are all very .
He graduated from Moscow University in 1910 .
In 1910 he also published his first book .
He published many books for education about zoology and economy .
His most important work which was to be called Mammals of Russia and adjacent territories was never completed .
He published a variety of textbooks in zoology and economy .
He was an on the crustacea .
It is the only species in the genus Glirulus .
It is the only species within the genus Glirulus .
In 1798 he returning to Zurich to work as a doctor .
In 1804 he became a teacher at the medical school .
In 1833 he became professor of natural history at the University of Zurich .
Schinz was also curator of the Natural History Society of Zurich .
He also wrote a lot of important zoological books between 1824 and 1852 .
Karl Joseph Brodtmann made the pictures for these books .
Karl Joseph Brodtmann lithographed his plates .
In 1973 the Bahamas were given full independence .
The phrase Grand Cross is used to describe the highest in many types of knighthood .
Sometimes the person with the highest grade are called knights grand cross or just grand crosses .
Sometimes the actual medallion or ribbon is called the grand cross and not the person .
The phrase Grand Cross is used to denote the highest grade in many orders of knighthood .
Rodgau lies in the Rhein main region 30 km Southeast of Frankfurt am Main .
On 1 January 1977 they were united and became the municipality of Rodgau .
On 15 September 1979 city rights were given to the municipality .
After world war II the Rhein main area was one of the hot spots in Germany because of its central location and its traffic opportunities .
Many companies settled down because of the Rhein main airport and the motorways connecting the region with all parts of Germany .
Lots of small and middle seized companies started or moved to the area giving jobs to the people .
Houses were built and people from other parts of Germany or from other countries came to the area for working and living .
Since then the former villagers and the new residents slowly began to develop a Rodgau identity .
Rodgau lies in the rhein main region 30 km southeast of Frankfurt .
On 1th of January 1977 they were united and became the municipality of Rodgau .
On 15th of September 1979 city rights were given to the municipality .
After world war II the rhein main area was one of the hot spots in Germany because of its central location and its traffic opportunities .
Many companies settled down because of the rhein main airport and the motorways connecting the region with all parts of germany .
Lots of small and middle seized companies startet or moved to the area giving jobs to the people .
Houses were buildt and people from other parts of Germany or from other countries came to the area for working and living .
Since then the former villagers and the new residents slowly began to develope a Rodgau identity .
The Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George is an order of chivalry .
It is used to honor people who have done important things for the Commonwealth or foreign nations .
People are appointed to the Order rather than given it .
British Ambassadors to foreign nations are often appointed as KCMGs or CMGs .
It is the normal award for members of the FCO .
One of its primary symbols is that of St Michael standing over Satan .
The Most Exalted Order of the Star of India has not been used since India 's independence in 1947 .
The Order was started to remember the British protectorate over the Ionian Islands .
The Islands had come under British control in 1814 .
It was given its own constitution as the United States of the Ionian Islands in 1817 .
The order was to reward people who lived on their Ionian Islands and on Malta who worked for the King .
The reasons for being appointed to the Order were changed in 1868 .
The British Sovereign is the Sovereign of the Order and appoints all other members of the Order .
The sovereign follow the advice of the Government .
The Order 's King of Arms is not a member of the College of Arms .
The Usher of the Order is known as the Gentleman Usher of the Blue Rod .
The Sovereign will name some days collar days .
The other symbols can be kept .
The original home of the Order was the Palace of St Michael and St George in Corfu This was the home of the Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands .
The Sovereign and the Knights and Dames Grand Cross have in the choir 's area of the chapel .
The exact design will depend on how important the Dame 's is in society .
Wives of male members are also given positions in the order of precedence .
He was offered the KCMG in The Man with the Golden Gun but he would not accept it as he did not wish to become a public figure .
It is used to honor individuals who have rendered important services in relation to Commonwealth or foreign nations .
People are appointed to the Order rather than awarded it .
British Ambassadors to foreign nations are oftenappointed as KCMGs or CMGs .
It is the traditional award for members of the FCO .
One of its primary symbols is that of St Michael trampling over Satan .
It is made of Saxon blue satin lined with crimson silk .
On the left side is a representation of the star of the Order .
The mantle is bound with two large tassels .
This is a reminder of the origin of the Order .
It is worn pinned to the left breast .
Both types features a red Cross of St George .
In the center of the star is a dark blue ring bearing the motto of the Order .
Within the ring is a representation of Saint Michael trampling on Satan while holding a flaming sword .
The badge is worn by all members of the Order .
Knights Commanders and male Companions wear the badge from a ribbon around the neck .
Dames Commanders and female Companions wear it from a bow on the left shoulder .
The other insignia may be retained .
The original home of the Order was the Palace of St Michael and St George in Corfu which was the residence of the Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands .
New Knights and Dames Grand Cross are installed at these services .
The exact design will depend on the Dame 's position in society .
He was later offered the KCMG in The Man with the Golden Gun but he would not accept it as he did not wish to become a public figure .
Carter was the only son of Thomas Gilbert Carter who was a Commander in the British Royal Navy .
He was being in 1866 to HMS Malacca .
He was still working on HMS Malacca when this happened .
He left Navy on 21 July 1875 .
He was educated at the Royal Naval School in Greenwich .
He retired from the Navy on 21 July 1875 .
On 1 December 1888 he was appointed Administrator on the Gambia 's separation from Sierra Leone .
In January 1893 the Egba chiefs decided to sign a Treaty of Independence with the British Government .
It was agreed that freedom of trade between the Egba Nation and Lagos was to be by the British Government .
The Egba guaranteed that no road would be closed without the approval of the Governor .
They also agreed that complete protection and every assistance and encouragement would be afforded to all Christian ministers .
The Crown agreed that Her Majesty 's Government would not try to take over any part of the Egba Nation without the permission of the lawful Authority of the nation .
The Egba chiefs also promised to end human sacrifices .
These were given to him hoping that Carter would make the decision about the resettlement of Modakeke residents outside the city that the King wanted .
They further agreed that complete protection and every assistance and encouragement would be afforded to all Christian ministers .
The Egba chiefs further promised to abolish human sacrifices .
He also had a temporary job as the Governor of Trinidad .
She was traveling in the Bahamas with her parents .
He died in Barbados on 18 January 1927 .
They married on 25 August 1903 in the Church of the Advent in Boston .
He died there on 18 January 1927 .
His final job in the Royal Navy was on a Colonial steamer .
He left the Navy on 21 July 1875 .
He was being in 1866 to HMS Malacca .
He was still working on HMS Malacca when this happened .
He left Navy on 21 July 1875 .
Carter sent works of art made by the Ife peoples of Yoruba to Europe .
It was agreed that freedom of trade between the Egba Nation and Lagos was to be by the British Government .
The Egba guaranteed that no road would be closed without the approval of the Governor .
They also agreed that complete protection and every assistance and encouragement would be afforded to all Christian ministers .
These were given to him hoping that Carter would make the decision about the resettlement of Modakeke residents outside the city that the King wanted .
Some scientists even concluded that life may have begun on Earth in hydrothermal vents far below the ocean surface .
Some extremophiles fall under several categories .
Some scientists even concluded that life may have begun on Earth in hydrothermal vents far under the ocean 's surface .
Many extremophiles fall under multiple categories .
Basic English includes of these basic words .
The word use of Basic English is like full English but the rules fill one chapter rather than a whole book .
There are fewer exceptions .
Not all meanings of each word are allowed .
Ogden 's rules of grammar for Basic English help people use the 850 words to talk about things and events in a normal way .
Make plurals with an S on the end of the word .
Talk about amounts with MORE and MOST .
Operators and pronouns conjugate as in normal English .
Use the words of an industry or science .
Basic English includes 850 of these basic words .
The grammar of Basic English is like full English but the rules fill one chapter rather than a whole book .
There are fewer exceptions .
Not all meanings of each word are allowed .
Basic English is a designed language written by Charles Kay Ogden .
The idea of Basic English is to use the basic words we use in everyday talking to explain more complex thoughts .
The idea behind Basic English is to use the basic words we use in daily communication to explain more complicated thoughts .
The idea of Basic English is to use easy words to explain harder thoughts .
Most of the words can be learned using pictures .
The last 100 words are verbs and conjunctions .
Basic English is a designed language written by Charles Kay Ogden .
Most of these can be learned using pictures .
The last 100 words are some verbs and conjunctions .
Several prominent public figures are within the dead .
The United States Geological Survey recorded a series of at least 33 aftershocks .
Several prominent public figures are among the dead .
There is less rain than in other parts of Germany .
Today the dialect speakers are a minority and the majority of them domes not speak the real dialect .
They rather speak a kind of regular German with a certain pronunciation .
Many men became workmen and found a job in the factories and earned money .
Dietzenbach lies in the rhein main region 25 km southeast of Frankfurt .
There is less rain than in other parts of germany .
Today the dialect speakers are a minority and mostly it is no longer the dialect they speak but a kind of regular German with a certain pronunciation .
Many men got workmen and found a job in the factories and earned money .
This language type is related to other dialects in the south of Germany .
This language type is related to other dialects in the South of Germany .
These natives were gatherers and fishermen and they lived along the Cachapoal and Maule rivers .
These natives were gatherers and fishermen who lived primarily along the Cachapoal and Maule rivers .
Pichilemu has become the historic capital of the province called Cardenal Caro which is named for the first Chilean Catholic Church Cardinal .
He regularized the city plan in 1894 .
The old casino was recently renovated and opened in 2009 as a cultural arts center .
It currently hosts several gallery spaces and the public library .
The once grand Ross Hotel was constructed at the same time .
The majority of the grand homes are in use as private homes .
Its recent restoration has converted it into an attractive walking destination .
It has since become an arts and culture center and tourism information office .
Passenger services operated on the line until 1986 and freight services were operational until 1995 .
Pichilemu has many attractive places .
There is a small lagoon often used for fishing .
The Indigenous Middens live close to the lagoon .
It is host to a large variety of unique native fauna .
The old parish was created by the Archbishop Valdivieso in 1864 .
El Copao is a hamlet located east of Pichilemu .
Its name in Mapudungun means medicinal herb .
Every October and December the International Championship of Surf is held at La Puntilla Beach .
Pichilemu has many beautiful and expansive dark sand beaches .
It is excellent for surfing .
It is an increasingly popular destination for tourists and surfers .
It is widely considered one of the best beaches for surfing worldwide .
The beach of Pichilemu is called one of the best beaches in the world for surfing .
The city has became a beach resort .
The beach of Pichilemu is called one of the world 's best for surfing .
The city has been made into a beach resort .
They were hunter gatherers and fishermen .
They lived between the Cachapoal and Maule rivers .
These natives were hunter gatherers and fishermen and they lived along the Cachapoal and Maule rivers .
The city has become a beach resort .
The city has became a beach resort .
He created the band Modern Talking along with Dieter Bohlen .
He created the band Modern Talking altogether with Dieter Bohlen .
Barack Obama 's presidential campaign for the White House started in early June 2008 when he defeated Hillary Clinton in the 2008 Democratic primaries .
Obama has been married to Michelle Obama since 1992 .
He defeated Republican candidate John McCain in the election on November 4 by a wide electoral majority of 365 to 173 .
He ran for election and became an Illinois state senator .
He ran for election and became Illinois state senator .
Carbon dating is the use of carbon to find the age of a species or of some kind .
Carbon dating is the usage of carbon to determine the age of a species or artifact of some kind .
Oracle Corporation is a company .
It makes and markets computers and enterprise software products such as database management systems .
Oracle Corporation is an organization that makes and markets computer and enterprise software products such as database management systems .
He was a member of the Baath Party .
He was a first cousin to the President of Iraq Saddam Hussein .
The hardness of a mineral is mainly controlled by the strength of the bonding between the atoms and partly by the size of the atoms .
The samples of matter used by Mohs are all minerals .
He moved to Austria in 1801 where he found a job identifying minerals in a collection that belonged to a rich banker .
He moved to Austria in 1801 where he found a job identifying minerals in a collection that belonged to a wealthy banker .
The prey usually dies in about 15 minutes .
The sundew will then eat the entire insect except the outside exoskeleton .
The prey usually dies in about fifteen minutes .
The sundew will then the entire insect except the exoskeleton .
Some sundew species can live for 50 years .
Some sundew species can live up to 50 years .
They are usually simply for taking in water and keeping the sundew firmly planted to the ground .
Shillong is the capital of Meghalaya .
The East Khasi Hills district is in Shillong .
Khasis make up most of the population .
People of all the other northeast Indian tribes live in Shillong .
Christianity is the main religion in the city .
A lot of people in Shillong follow the original Khasi religion .
There are also many other religions in the city .
Shillong has steadily grown in size and significance since it was made the civil station of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills in 1864 by the British .
Arvina remained the summer capital of Eastern ina and Assam for many years .
The way in they try to avoid being in contact with the feelings about what is going on at each moment are made clear to them .
They can then begin to get better .
Students are integrated into age appropriate general education classrooms with appropriate support services .
These services include the support of a special education teacher or teaching assistant working in collaboration with the general education teacher to provide appropriate instructional support based on the student 's individual needs .
Such students receive their primary instruction within the special education classroom .
Students may be in special classes for only part of the day or for certain subjects .
The reason why these students are in settings is because of tracking .
Many educators charge that the United States relies more on tracking than any other nation in the world .
This practice is carried out in many different ways .
The State of Learning Disabilities .
Mainstreaming refers to the practice of educating students with special needs in regular classes during specific time periods based on their skills .
Students are segregated in separate classes for the rest of the time .
Such exclusion may occur where special education services is not needed .
Some students are able to be educated with their peers while others go to a separate school where others are like them .
Some students are able to be educated with their peers while others go to a special school where others are like them .
Special education is about teaching students who have specific needs .
These needs must be met if they are to succeed in school .
Some students can be educated with other students of the same age .
Others go to a special school where there are others like them .
Not all students are able to receive special education .
Some students are very smart .
They also have specific needs so they can succeed .
These students do best in specialized teaching styles or different educational programs .
Special education is about teaching students who have a specific needs that must be accommodated to succeed in school .
Some students are able to be educated with their peers while others go to a separate school where others are like them .
However not all students are able to receive special education .
Some students are labeled as very smart .
These students also have specific needs so they can succeed .
Special education is about teaching such children .
Others are grouped in special schools .
Students who have emotional problems and act disruptively may be expelled from school .
Special education is about teaching students who have specific needs .
These needs must be met if they are to succeed in school .
Some students can be educated with other students of the same age .
Others go to a special school where there are others like them .
Not all students are able to receive special education .
Special education is about teaching these children .
Some of them can be educated with other children of the same age who are not disabled .
Others must go to special schools .
If the disability is too bad they can not receive education .
Students who have emotional problems and act disruptively are sometimes expelled from school .
Students with these special needs often get more educational services .
These students do better in specialized teaching styles or different educational programs .
Special education is about teaching such children .
Others are grouped in special schools .
Students who have emotional problems and act disruptively may be expelled from school .
What is special education ?
These students do best in specialized teaching styles or different educational programs .
Mansfield is a small town in at the base of the Victorian part of the Australian Alps .
In 2006 there were 4052 people living in Mansfield .
It is based on the poem by Banjo Paterson with the same name .
The area round Mansfield named as Banbury was also the location of the novel The Far Country by Nevil Shute .
He is said to be the first catholic person to live in the district .
Rowe was a principal founder of the University of Melbourne .
During the summer many people go toe the lakes to water ski .
The Ballon Festival has n't been held in Mansfield for several years .
Golfers play at the Mansfield Golf Club on Kidston Parade .
Mansfield is a small town in the foothills of the Victorian part of the Australian Alps .
Rowe was a principal founder of Melbourne University .
Rowe stood for the Upper House seat of the Murray District in 1859 and was defeated .
During the summer these sites are popular waterskiing destinations .
The nearby mountains Mount Buller and Mount Stirling offer attractions all year round .
The ballon Festival has n't been to Mansfield for several years .
Golfers play at the course of the Mansfield Golf Club on Kidston Parade .
The area round Mansfield named as Banbury was also the of the novel The Far Country by Nevil Shute .
The area round Mansfield named as Banbury was also the location of the novel The Far Country by Nevil Shute .
Schools around the US now have to test their students .
Schools around the US now have to force its students to take tests .
The Canton of La Garde is a French near from Toulon .
It is made up of La Garde and Le Pradet .
The Canton of La Garde is a French canton near from Toulon .
The film was for an Academy Award in the 81st Annual Academy Awards and won many awards at film festivals .
The film was nominated for an Academy Award in the 81st Annual Academy Awards and won multiple awards at film festivals .
Native Americans or Indians are any group of people indigenous to North or South America .
This racist work was reprinted in 1990 .
The topicality of this racist work is seen from the fact that it was reprinted in 1990 .
Frances Burney kept this as a family secret .
She even said nothing about the date of her father 's marriage and when his children were born in the Memoirs .
Fanny was very shocked and sad when she heard that her mother was dead .
He wished to show that a musician could be a gentleman .
She was also so shy that visitors at her father 's house called her the old lady .
Some scholars think she might have had a kind of dyslexia .
She could not find out that it was actually upside down and tried to read it .
James Burney became an admiral and sailed with Captain James Cook on his second and third trips .
Her father was respected by many people as a musician .
The Burney children did not like their stepmother .
The sickness was thought to be tuberculosis .
It is also possible that it was cancer .
He comforted himself with writing sad poems about his wife .
She was also known as Fanny Burney .
This novel made her very famous .
Cecilia came out in 1782 .
It was an even greater critical .
The girl goes out into the world and grows in .
She wrote many journals and letters .
Her journals and letters have interested historians .
They had a son in 1794 .
His name was Alexander .
He was their only son .
It was a novel about the French Revolution .
It was published in 1814 .
In 1786 she became Second Keepter of the Robes to Queen Charlotte .
She wrote many journals and letters that have interested historians .
She was baptized on the 7th of July .
Susanna Elizabeth became Frances Burney 's close friend .
James Burney became an admiral .
He sailed with Captain James Cook on his second and third trips .
Her mother became sick very suddenly .
She took a trip to Bath and Bristol Hot Wells where .
This is where main character in Evelina would also go to try to become healthy again .
She was baptized in the 7th of July .
James Burney became an admiral and sailed with Captain James Cook on his second and third trips .
Traveller Richard Twiss once embarrassed the family by talking about improper things .
Frances never openly her father .
She even carefully everything bad about him .
She already had three sons .
His name was Charles Rosseau Burney .
He was a musician .
She married him in September 1770 .
She probably did this to go away from her changed home .
She did not find out that it was actually upside down and tried to read it .
He in influenced her writing very much .
She could not find out that it was actually upside down and tried to read it .
She mostly taught herself .
She began writing what she called her scribblings when she was ten .
She died in London in 6 January 1840 .
She was buried in Bath near her husband and son .
Esther Sleepe Burney also had two boys who died at birth .
Esther Sleepe Burney was three years older than Charles Burney .
She even said nothing about the date of her father 's marriage .
Some people have thought that she hid the dates to make everyone believe she published Evelina when 17 .
Her mother suddenly became sick .
She took a trip to Bath and Bristol Hot Wells .
This is where main character in Evelina go to try to become healthy again .
It is possible that Esther Burney 's French birth influenced Burney 's writing .
One example is the between Madame Duval and Captain Mirvan in Evelina .
She also saw more of the world than most young ladies could .
She wrote down many rude things people said in her diaries .
Some people have said that Burney may have been shy because of her father .
Her name was Elizabeth Allen .
She probably did this to leave her home .
She mostly taught herself and began writing what she called her scribblings when she was ten .
She died in London in 6 January 1840 and was buried in Bath near her husband and son .
Esther Sleepe Burney also had two boys who died when they were born .
She even said nothing about the date of her father 's marriage and when his children were born in the Memoirs .
Her mother became sick very suddenly .
She took a trip to Bath and Bristol Hot Wells where .
This is where main character in Evelina would also go to try to become healthy again .
Some people have said that Burney 's shyness in front of people might have been because of her father .
She probably did this to go away from her changed home .
Her father educated her sisters Ester and Susanna much more than Frances Burney .
People said that the little dunce should be whipped .
He influenced her writing very much .
She also wrote comedies that had a great influence on many writers to come .
He in influenced her writing very much .
Some people have said that Burney may have been shy because of her father .
America could also mean the United States of America .
America can refer to the United States of America .
She was also partly inspired to write her novel by the autobiography of Josiah Henson .
Henson was a black man who had run away and helped many black slaves .
Stowe was not sure if people would like to read the story as a book .
Emily Shelby is shocked and unhappy because she promised Eliza that she would not sell her son .
Eliza is worried that Loker might die and go to hell .
The gentle Quakers change Tom Loker greatly .
She thinks slavery is wrong .
He is morally stronger than his father .
He does what he promises and thinks .
He loves Eva very deeply and feels sorry for his slaves .
Topsy feels this difference from duty and love .
At first it meant to describe growing without planning it .
She does not like slavery .
Eva 's death changes Ophelia 's thoughts and heart .
The National Era had also printed other works Stowe had written .
By June it was selling ten thousand copies a week .
By October American sales alone were 150 thousand copies .
The main character of the novel is Uncle Tom .
He is a patient black slave .
The novel showed the reality of slavery .
It also said that Christian love is stronger than slavery .
The novel showed the reality of slavery and also said that Christian love is stronger than slavery .
It greatly influenced many people 's thoughts about African Americans and slavery in the United States .
It also strengthened the between North and South America which led to the American Civil War .
It helped abolitionism spread in the 1850s .
It helped the abolitionism spread in the 1850s .
Harriet Beecher Stowe wrote her novel because of the 1850 passage of the second Fugitive Slave Act .
It is possible her love for him was even greater because she lost two of her first infant children .
Her motherly love and strength of spirit is shown when she bravely escapes with her son .
Her motherly love and of spirit is shown when she bravely escapes with her son .
Her crossing of the Ohio River on patches of ice is perhaps the most famous in Uncle Tom 's Cabin .
This law punished people who helped slaves run away .
It also forced the North to stop and return the South 's black runaways .
Tompkins praised Uncle Tom 's Cabins style .
Tompkins praised the style so many other critics had not liked .
It also strengthened the between the North and Southern United States .
This led to the American Civil War .
It also strengthened the between North and South which led to the American Civil War .
Legree takes Tom to Louisiana .
Loker has been changed because of the Quakers .
They cleverly use Legree 's side to help them .
George Shelby comes just as Tom is dying to free him .
He is very angry and sad .
His acceptance is not because of stupidity or happiness .
Its translator Lin Shu made this the first Chinese translation of an American novel .
She has a vision of heaven before she dies .
He also refuses to beat other slaves .
His wife sells Tom to a plantation owner named Simon Legree .
She even received a with a slave 's cut ear .
She even received a package with a slave 's cut ear .
Stowe wrote her novel because of the 1850 passage of the second Slave Act .
This law people who helped slaves run away .
She had a vision of a Christian black man being and praying for the people who were beating him as he died .
She was also partly to write her novel by the autobiography of Josiah Henson .
Stowe wrote her novel because of the 1850 passage of the second Fugitive Slave Act .
This law punished people who helped slaves run away .
She had a vision of a Christian black man being beaten and praying for the people who were beating him as he died .
She was also partly inspired to write her novel by the autobiography of Josiah Henson .
He tells her to try educating her .
At first she tries to teach and help Topsy simply because of duty .
She hoped that she could write about such problems through Miss Ophelia .
At first she tries to teach and help Topsy simply because of .
Uncle Tom 's Cabins most important is the evil of slavery .
Uncle Tom 's Cabins most important theme is the evil and of slavery .
The novel showed the effects of slavery .
The novel showed the reality of slavery .
In the last few decades these stereotypes have made many people think much more lightly of the historical importance of Uncle Tom 's Cabin as a vital antislavery tool .
She enters the story when Tom rescues her from when he was going to be sold .
Eva asks her father to buy Tom .
She is very sad about slavery .
She does not see the difference between blacks and whites .
She talks very much about love and forgiveness .
Even Topsy is touched by her love .
She is very sad about slavery and does not see the difference between blacks and whites .
They said that the character of Uncle Tom was a part of race betrayal .
An affair is an especially a one .
An affair can also mean some kind of public controversy or scandal .
The word affair means some kind of activity between people .
It may be good or bad .
This probably depends on people 's point of view .
It can often mean some kind of scandal or long argument .
Very often the word affair on its own means a love affair .
This means that two people love one another and behave like lovers .
Their love affair may cause a scandal .
A romantic affair means the same thing .
He died on 10 January 2009 .
He had to lie about his age as he was still to young to join the army .
Ponticelli worked digging burial pits and trenches .
He was sent back to his job after rest in Naples .
Ponticelli worked at digging burial pits and trenches .
He was returned to his post after rest and recuperation in Naples .
War is completely stupid .
Today they are found in at least 10 southern states .
They may spread to as far west as California soon .
Today they are found in at least 10 southern states and may soon reach as far west as California .
The fire ants are growing in the US 80 years after they came there .
This makes shorts in electrical .
She also lead several hospitals in Virginia .
A psychrometer is a device used to measure relative humidity of a certain area .
The difference between the temperatures is noted and the temperature is noted and each is used on a chart to find the relative humidity of that temperature and area .
A Psychrometer is a device used to measure relative humidity of a certain area .
The difference between the temperatures is noted and the temperature is noted and each is used on a calibrated chart to discover the relative humidity of that temperature and area .
Leeroy has become very well known and his name is now used by people to show that they are running in but have no idea what to do .
Its key signature contains no flats or sharps .
Its key signature consists no flats and no sharps .
There are many of ocean pollution .
There are many of marine pollution .
The people who dump it in think it will sink to the ocean floor .
Many countries have now made laws so that people can not dump sludge .
Countries promise each other to clean up the ocean and save the ocean 's resources .
Countries promise each other to clean up the ocean and save the ocean 's resources by doing .
There are a great number of of ocean pollution .
Some of these sources are easy to find .
Others are harder to find .
Lots of countries have now made laws so that people can not dump sludge .
The were very bad .
A great number of animals were covered in oil and began dying immediately .
There are many of ocean pollution .
Many countries have now made laws so that people can not dump sludge .
The were terrible .
Many animals were covered in oil and began dying immediately .
It can cause emotional damage .
Cyberbullying can include sending and unwanted sexual messages .
It is wilful and implicates a recurring damage via electronic text .
The false consensus effect is the tendency for people to assume that everyone else thinks the same way they do .
The false consensus effect is the tendency for people to project their way of thinking onto other people .
This bias is commonly present in a group setting where one thinks the collective opinion of their own group matches that of the larger population .
There could also be protective mechanisms behind this phenomenon .
The false consensus effect can be contrasted with pluralistic ignorance .
Ci potrebbero anche essere i meccanismi di protezione alla base di questo fenomeno .
It is a cognitive bias in which many person tend to overestimate the agreement grade that the other people have with them .
It is a cognitive bias in which many person tend to overestimate the agreement grade that the other persons has with them .
Rise Against was first made with the name Transistor Revolt in 1999 by former members of the bands 88 Fingers Louie and Baxter .
Rise Against was formed under the name Transistor Revolt in 1999 by former members of the bands 88 Fingers Louie and Baxter .
They also did a short tour in the United Kingdom in November .
The bands Thursday and Poison the Well helped Rise Against do that tour .
Though the band never performed live with this group .
It was called Transistor Revolt .
Barnes was first from Screeching Weasel and Squirtgun 's drummer .
He was replaced by Todd Mohney .
It was released in 2003 .
The band toured a lot in support of its first two albums .
Rise Against released Siren Song of the Counter Culture in August 2004 .
The album got mostly good reviews from reviewers .
Rise Against released Siren Song of the Counter Culture in August 2004 on Geffen Records .
The album got mostly good reviews from critics .
Rise Against 's fifth studio album Appeal to Reason was released on October 4 in Australia .
It was then released October 6 across Europe .
Then October 7 in the United States .
This made it Rise Against 's highest scoring album .
Most people thought this because Rise Against is moving toward slower music and away from faster hardcore punk .
This made it Rise Against 's highest charting album to date .
It was then awarded gold by the RIAA in 2008 .
The band was a big band in the 2006 Warped Tour .
The bands Circa Survive and Billy Talent would also come too .
Chasse was then replaced by longtime friend Zach Blair from Only Crime .
It was a North American tour that lasted throughout the summer months .
The band was a headliner in the 2006 Warped Tour .
Chasse was replaced by longtime friend Zach Blair from Only Crime .
They made it in 1999 .
The band is currently signed to Geffen .
Geffen is a record label owned by Universal Music Group .
The Haymarket Theatre showed the play .
Harry Luckless is the main character .
He tries to write a play in the first and second acts .
He completes the play in the second act .
It has puppets .
It is called The Pleasures of the Town .
The puppet play is the third act .
The play is about the puppet character Goddess Nonsense .
She wants a husband .
The end combines the puppets and people .
Many theaters do not accept the play but it is later shown within the third act .
Fielding became a popular writer in London after The Author 's Farce .
The Haymarket Theatre let him experiment with his plays and Fielding changed the comedy genre .
The puppet play within the main play made fun of other London plays .
The Author 's Farce was a success but it was ignored by critics until the 20th century .
The puppet play is shown in the third act .
The Author 's Farce was first a success .
Critics focused on the play 's effects on Fielding 's work .
Pagliaro 1999 pp .
This allowed Fielding to experiment .
He could not experiment at larger theaters .
He got many of his ideas from the Scriblerus Club .
Rivero 1989 pp .
She is similar to Pope 's character Dulness in the Dunciad .
Fielding gave Nonsense a sexual aspect .
It is funny when she chooses as a lover a man who is sexless .
Campbell 1995 pp .
The play is a farce .
Farces use slapstick and physical humor to be funny .
They also use absurd plots .
A farce also makes serious situations funny .
Rivero pp .
He mocked theater and theater audiences in his play .
Freeman 2002 pp .
Other characters feel that money is all that matters .
They do not care about good writing .
Even Harriot believes that a good lover is one who is rich .
Rivero pp .
The ending of the play merges real and fake .
Freeman 2002 pp .
He also attacks new types of writing .
He uses puppets to represent various genres .
Ingrassia 2004 pp .
Castratos are men without testicles .
The character Nonsense wants him as a lover .
Mrs Novel says that Signior Opera had a baby with her .
Fielding is mocking how women like Italian opera singers .
Other writers mocked Italian opera singers .
Campbell 1995 pp .
Campbell 1995 pp .
The Author 's Farce was a success but it was ignored by critics until the 20th century .
It is competed for by cruiserweights at a no more than a weight of 220 lbs .
It is challenged by cruiserweights at a maximum weight of 220 lbs .
As a result Horwoggle is the last WWE Cruiserweight Champion .
The type and caliber of the weapons are still secret .
The Army would like the GCV to have good bomb protection and would like it to be able to destroy enemy missiles .
The type and caliber of the weapons are still classified .
The Army would like the GCV to have good bomb protectionand would also be able to destroy enemy missiles .
The chocolate chip cookie was made by Ruth Graves Wakefield in 1933 .
The chocolate chip cookie was accidentally developed by Ruth Graves Wakefield in 1933 .
The bot appears to other IRC users as another user .
Please see the individual products pages for more information .
This page is does not include everything and may not be current .
Please see the individual products articles for further information .
They are listed in order by their last name .
It is water that does not have a lot of salt in it .
It also can mean water that people can drink .
It is water that does not have high amounts of salt in it .
It also can mean drinkable water .
She tried many times to get the secret behind his great strength .
She tried several times to get the secret behind his great strength .
He did this for an unknown period of time .
Samson told a young boy there to move him in between two pillars .
He did this for months .
He was taken to a temple honoring the Philistine god Dagon .
Samson told a young boy there to position him in between two pillars .
He pushed the pillars apart with his full strength .
He made the temple to collapse .
Samson died after doing this .
But he ended up killing 12 thousand of his enemies .
It usually refers to anyone who does not have any religious belief .
It is generally associated with anyone who does not have any religious belief .
He used it because of the bad associations with the term atheism .
He uses it because of the bad associations with the term atheism .
McIlrath is known to help animal rights and actively promotes PETA with his band .
McIlrath is known to support animal rights and actively promotes PETA with his band .
Crockett showed up at the Alamo on February 8 .
Crockett arrived at the Alamo on February 8 .
He is more often called Davy Crockett .
He also has the nickname King of the Wild Frontier .
He was part of the Texas Revolution .
He died in the Battle of the Alamo .
He traveled around a lot .
He had a lot of adventures .
He quit going to school so that his teacher would not punish him .
His teacher told Davy 's father that Davy was not at school .
Davy then ran away from home so that his father would not beat him .
He started moving around Tennessee .
This was all according to a book Davy wrote .
The book was about himself .
Crockett came back home when he was 15 .
His family welcomed him back .
They had three children .
Crockett married another woman named Elizabeth Patton in 1815 .
They had three children together .
He stopped going to school so that his teacher would not punish him .
He quit going to school so that his teacher would not punish him .
He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame as a player and coach which only three people have done .
Alexander hired him while Dodd was still a student at Tennessee .
Dodd took over for Alexander in 1945 as the third head coach at the Institute .
He also worked as Athletic Director for Georgia Tech from 1950 until 1976 .
Alexander made the hire while Dodd was still a student at Tennessee .
Dodd succeeded Alexander in 1945 as the third head coach at the Institute .
He also served as Athletic Director from 1950 until 1976 .
Bobby Dodd was quarterback for the University of Tennessee football team from 1928 to 1930 .
This was an important game for both teams since they were big rivals .
Another time in Dodd 's career hinted at the thinking he would use in his coaching career .
Against Florida in 1930 he got his teammates in a huddle and told them about a play he had used in high school .
Dodd was named to Grantland Rice 's All American team in 1930 .
He was the second player from Tennessee to make an All American team .
The first was Gene McEver in 1929 .
Another instance in Dodd 's career foreshadowed the creativity he would use in his coaching career .
Dodd took over the Georgia Tech football program after Coach Alexander 's retirement in 1944 .
Dodd 's coaching ideas were about developing and treating his players well .
He did not believe in hard physical practices .
Dodd 's ideas led to winning .
He also won two Southeastern Conference Titles and the 1952 National Title .
Dodd also understood the rivalry with the University of Georgia .
They had 176 points to Georgia 's 39 during the winning streak .
Dodd 's career included Georgia Tech leaving the Southeastern Conference .
The initial reason for them leaving was a feud between Dodd and Alabama Crimson Tide Coach Bear Bryant .
Darwin Holt of Alabama continued play and hit his elbow into Granning 's face .
Granning became unconscious and suffered a severe concussion .
These injuries left him unable to play football ever again .
Dodd sent Bryant a letter asking Bryant to suspend Holt .
Dodd felt that Holt injured Granning on purpose .
The lack of punishment made Dodd angry and caused him to want to leave the SEC .
Dodd took over the Georgia Tech football program following Coach Alexander 's retirement in 1944 .
Dodd 's coaching philosophy revolved around player treatment and character development .
He did not believe in intense physical practices but rather precise and well executed practices .
Dodd 's philosophy translated to winning .
Dodd 's tenure included Georgia Tech 's withdrawal from the Southeastern Conference .
The initial spark for Dodd 's withdrawal was a historic feud with Alabama Crimson Tide Coach Bear Bryant .
Chick Granning of Tech was playing coverage and relaxed after the signal for the fair catch .
Dodd sent Bryant a letter asking Bryant to suspend Holt after game film indicated Holt had intentionally injured Granning .
The lack of discipline infuriated Dodd and sparked Dodd 's interest in withdrawing from the SEC .
Another issue for Dodd was Alabama 's and other SEC schools ' recruitment of players .
Schools would recruit more players than they could have on their roster .
This would happen after the signing day which meant those players could not find somewhere else to play .
Dodd asked the SEC leaders to punish the tryout camps of other SEC members but the SEC did not .
Dodd continued to work as athletic director which he had first been hired as in 1950 .
Universities would recruit more players than they had roster space for .
Dodd appealed the SEC administration to punish the tryout camps of his fellow SEC members but the SEC did not .
He believed that the most important part of college football was the college football player .
This award is given by the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Foundation .
McEver missed the 1930 season with a knee injury .
The total led the NCAA in scoring that year .
That total is still the record for most points in one year at Tennessee .
He was an assistant coach at Virginia Tech from 1944 to 47 .
In a cup match often a winner in needed to go to the next round .
Some of the songs from their London concerts are on their 2003 DVD .
Some of the songs from their London concerts is on their 2003 DVD .
Albury and Wagga Wagga are home to campuses of Charles Sturt University .
Wagga Wagga is home to two major Australian Defence Force bases .
Wagga Wagga is home to two major Australian Defence Force establishments .
West of the confluence of the Murray and Murrumbidgee is the beginning of the more arid Far West region .
Coleman 's music is also like blues music .
His album Sound Grammar won the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for music .
He wanted to leave his home town so he got a job in 1949 with a traveling show .
Some Los Angeles jazz musicians thought he was playing out of tune .
In 1958 Coleman made a record called Something Else !
Coleman 's music is similar to blues music .
His album Sound Grammar received the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for music .
He wanted to leave his home town so he got a job in 1949 with a traveling show and then with touring rhythm and blues shows .
Some Los Angeles jazz musicians thought he was playing as out of tune .
In 1958 Coleman recorded a record called Something Else !
It was active from 1940 until 1944 .
Evelina is actually a .
It is not clear why she burnt it .
It was immediately popular .
Almost everyone praised the book .
He later came and praised Frances for writing so well .
Burney was so happy she threw herself into his arms and burst into tears .
Evelina is actually a second book .
Why she burnt it is not clearly said .
Almost everyone enjoyed and praised the book .
Frances ' sister had told him .
Frances was so happy she threw herself into his arms and burst into tears .
She is very surprised when he comes to visit her in the unfashionable part of London and again is kind to her .
She is very surprised when he comes to visit her in the unfashionable part of London and again kindly makes friends with her .
The 1910 Cuba hurricane was a tropical cyclone that hit Cuba and Florida in October 1910 .
The storm formed in the southern Caribbean Sea on October 9 .
It became stronger while it moved to the northwest .
It then made landfall on the western end of Cuba .
It is not known exactly how much damage the storm caused .
At least 100 people died in Cuba alone .
The 1910 Cuba hurricane was a destructive and unusual tropical cyclone that struck western Cuba and southwestern Florida during October 1910 .
At least 100 deaths occurred in Cuba alone .
It was north of Panama .
The storm gained strength while it moved to the northwest .
It became a tropical storm on October 11 .
The storm then hit western Cuba and crossed the island .
It moved over the Gulf of Mexico and slowed down .
The hurricane turned to the northeast and again hit western Cuba .
It began to move near the Florida Panhandle on October 17 .
The storm probably died out on October 23 .
Its center passed west of Key West and made landfall near Cape Romano .
The storm is estimated to have dissipated on October 23 .
The storm was because it was first thought to be two different hurricanes .
This is because of the loop it made in the Gulf of Mexico .
It then said the second hurricane formed and hit Florida .
The storm 's path was debated .
It was later found to be a single storm .
Many ships stayed in harbors .
Storm warnings were also put up .
The storm caused very bad damage in Cuba .
It was thought to be one of the worst tropical cyclones ever there .
The storm damaged tobacco especially bad .
The hurricane stopped communications to other areas .
Most of the deaths and damages were said to be in the Pinar del Rio province .
The storm also badly damaged goods kept on wharves .
Tall waves crashed on land and caused flooding .
Many boats were wrecked by the storm .
The high waves flooded about of Havana 's coastal land .
Many towns were severely damaged or destroyed .
The hurricane cut off communications to inland areas .
The majority of the fatalities and property damages were suspected to be in the Pinar del Rio province .
It was reported that thousands of peasants were left homeless due to the cyclone .
The storm also seriously damaged goods stored on local wharves and barges .
Numerous ships and small watercraft were wrecked by the cyclone .
The raging seas submerged about of Havana 's oceanfront land .
Damage caused by the storm cost millions of dollars .
It left New Orleans on October 1 and was carrying cypress wood .
The ship 's crew fought the storm for days .
The Holliswood was blown miles off course .
A steamboat called the Harold spotted the ship and rescued all of the crew .
The Holliswood was badly damaged .
The crew told the captain that the ship would not be able to float for five more hours .
He asked to be put back on the Holliswood .
The captain of the Parkwood agreed to tow the damaged ship to land .
The crew fought the storm for days and eventually the masts were cut to avoid capsizing .
The captain of the Parkwood agreed to tow the damaged ship to land .
Many docks were destroyed .
Strong winds pushed water out of the Tampa Bay .
Some citrus crops were destroyed .
The wind tore the roofs off homes and shook some buildings off their foundations .
Seven men died at Punta Gorda when some Cuban ships were wrecked .
There were 600 passengers on the ship .
All people were rescued by another ship .
One man near Lemon City was killed by falling wood .
Part of the Florida East Coast Railroad was washed out .
An American ship was blown onto land at Boca Raton .
Three people died and the rest of the crew was stuck for 12 hours .
Property damage was generally limited to structures along the shore .
Strong winds from the northeast blew water out of the Tampa Bay to the lowest level ever recorded .
A portion of the local citrus crop was destroyed .
Property damage was widespread from Tampa to Jacksonville and points south .
High winds tore the roofs off homes and shook some structures off their foundations .
Seven men lost their lives in the wreckage of several Cuban schooners at Punta Gorda .
Fortunately the sea remained low and comparatively smooth so that it was possible to open the inlet and let the water out .
A large number of pine trees were blown down near the city of Jupiter .
One man near Lemon City was killed by falling timber .
Estimates of the cyclone 's impact on citrus crops in the region vary widely .
The storm caused a lot of damage to the tobacco crops .
The storm damaged tobacco especially bad .
It was a strong Category 4 hurricane that moved through western Caribbean .
It was a strong Category 4 hurricane that moved through the western Caribbean .
They usually hold a more public profile and are paid more than other coaches on the team .
Some sports that use the phrase head coach include American football and basketball .
These head coaches sometimes have other coaches that report to them .
These coaches focus on one part of the team rather than the whole team .
Assistant coaches often work in offensive positions or defensive positions .
They can sometimes coach just one position on the team such as a coach just for the quarterbacks in American football .
They typically hold a more public profile and are paid more than other coaches .
Head coaches in American football have different responsibilities depending on what level of the sport they are coaching .
He may have to perform the duties of a defensive or offensive coordinator .
It is important that head coaches in high school hire a competent and proactive coaching staff because when the head coach is pulled away from practice then he must be confident that his team is in good hands with his other coaches and staff .
One of the major features of college head coaching is the high turnover rate for jobs .
The ability to recruit and develop top players plays a major role in success at this level .
In both cases the vocalist usually tries to make it sound like some sort of beast 's growl .
Ayers is known for speaking out against the Vietnam War in the 1960s as well as his work in trying to help make learning and teaching better .
Ayers is known for speaking out against the Vietnam War in the 1960s as well as his current work in trying to help make education and teaching better .
Ayers was made Education Secretary .
The second was to start underground groups in important cities around the country .
This was called the Greenwich Village town house explosion .
Ayers was elected Education Secretary .
The second was to create underground groups in major cities around the country .
This was called the Greenwich Village townhouse explosion .
Ayers gave a lot of interviews before his memoir was published .
Ayers gave many interviews before his memoir was published .
The second was to start underground groups in important cities around the country .
They dedicated the book to almost 200 people .
Ayers gave a lot of interviews before his book was published .
The reporter quoted him as saying I do n't regret setting bombs and I feel we did n't do enough .
Ayers questioned the interviewer 's way of describing him in a Letter to the Editor on September 15 2001 .
Ayers gave a lot of interviews before his memoir was published .
This had been well known in Chicago for years .
After being raised by the British press The ties between Ayers and Obama was written about by blogs and newspapers in the United States .
The issue was also talked about in a by moderator George Stephanopoulos .
This had been public knowledge in Chicago for years .
After being raised by the British press The ties between Ayers and Obama was picked up by blogs and newspapers in the United States .
The issue was also talked about in a debate by moderator George Stephanopoulos .
He is a former head of the Weather Underground .
Ayers is known for speaking out against the Vietnam War in the 1960s .
He is also known for his work in trying to help make learning and teaching better .
The Weather Underground is a group that call themselves a communist revolutionary group .
They carried out bombings against public buildings during the 1960s and 1970s .
This was because the United States was being a part of the Vietnam War .
He has the titles of Distinguished Professor of Education and Senior University Scholar .
He is married to Bernadine Dohrn .
She was also a member of the Weather Underground .
Ayers is known for speaking out against the Vietnam War in the 1960s as well as his work in trying to help make learning and teaching better .
They carried out bombings against public buildings during the 1960s and 1970s due to the United States being part of the Vietnam War .
He has the titles of Distinguished Professor of Education as well as Senior University Scholar .
Glen Ellyn is just outside Chicago .
After this he started going to Lake Forest Academy .
It is a smaller prep school .
His father used to be Chairman and CEO of Commonwealth Edison .
The restaurant would not serve African Americans .
This small preschool was run from a local church basement .
The teachers allowed the students to call them by their first names .
Supporters of the work said the Piss Christ is an issue of artistic freedom and freedom of speech .
Others said that the government paying for Piss Christ went against separation of church and state .
Supporters argued the Piss Christ is an issue of artistic freedom and freedom of speech .
Others alleged that the government funding of Piss Christ violated separation of church and state .
Piss Christ was part of the BBC documentary called Damned in the USA which looked into the issues and controversy that surrounded Piss Christ .
The BBC documentary Damned in the USA explored the controversy surrounding Piss Christ .
It is a part of the Wheaton Park District .
Families and individuals can come in for free .
It is built on the site of a historic train station .
There are domestic animals .
There is also wildlife that is native to Illinois .
The zoo holds a great number of programs for children .
It is a facility of the Wheaton Park District .
Admission is free for families and individuals .
There have been of a liberal bias on MSNBC .
There have been of liberal bias on MSNBC .
Grant Field was occasionally used as a site for Atlanta Falcons games during the team 's early years when it was sharing Fulton County Stadium with the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball .
The high interstitial space is currently used for storage .
Grant Field was occasionally used as a site for Atlanta Falcons games during the team 's early years when it was sharing Fulton County Stadium with the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball and there were scheduling conflicts .
He worked at Georgia Tech for head coach Bobby Dodd .
He was by Georgia Tech after that season .
He later worked as a coach for the Kansas City Chiefs and Baltimore Colts .
He then was in charge of the New York Jets ' defense from 1985 to 1988 .
Cleveland won the AFC Central Division in 1989 before losing to the Denver Broncos in the conference championship for the third time in four years .
His dismissal as Head Coach of the Yellow Jackets was reported in the Atlanta Constitution under the headline Bitter Bud Carson Is Ousted at Tech .
In 1970 the GT Band began playing the Budweiser tune after the end of the 3rd quarter .
He later served on the coaching staffs of the Kansas City Chiefs and Baltimore Colts before running the New York Jets ' defense from 1985 to 1988 .
Cleveland won the AFC Central Division in 1989 before losing to John Elway 's Denver Broncos in the conference championship for the third time in four years .
He was chosen for Grantland Rice 's All American football team in 1931 .
Coach Robert Neyland held Hickman in high regard .
Legendary coach Robert Neyland held Hickman in hig regard .
Hickman had a reputation as a great dinner speaker .
He is currently ranked number one in the world .
This made him the third youngest grandmaster in history .
This lifted him to an Elo rating of 2801 .
This made him second in the world .
He is the fifth player to have a rating over 2800 .
He was 18 years old when he got this rating .
This made him the youngest person to have a rating above 2800 .
He was 19 years and 32 days old when he became the youngest chess player in history to be ranked world number one .
He broke the previous record held by Vladimir Kramnik .
Consider replacing compound sentences with more small sentences .
You can help because anyone can edit these pages .
See for more information .
Consider replacing complex sentences with simpler and shorter sentences .
Consider replacing compound sentences with smaller sentences .
Wikipedia is a project to make an encyclopedia in many languages .
There are articles in simple English .
You can help !
See the page and other to learn how to do this .
You can also ask a question at .
Change words and use shorter clauses than you normally would .
Wikipedia is a project creating an encyclopedia in over 40 languages .
You can help because anyone can edit these pages .
See the and other to learn how or ask a question at .
Change words and use shorter sentences than you normally would .
Consider replacing complex sentences with simpler and shorter sentences .
Wikipedia is a project to make an encyclopedia in many languages .
You can also check and ask a question at .
You can also ask a question at .
This is the main page of the simple English Wikipedia .
Wikipedia is a project to make an encyclopedia in many languages .
This is the main page of the simple English Wikipedia .
Wikipedia is a project to make an encyclopedia in many languages .
This is the Simple English version .
This is the main page of the simple English Wikipedia .
The simple English Wikipedia is a part of a project to make an encyclopedia in many languages .
Wikipedia was created 2001 .
You can help too !
You can help !
See the pages of the Wikimedia Foundation too .
The idea comes from a time of history called the Renaissance which lasted from about 1400 to about 1600 .
One of the famous people who were alive during this time were Leonardo da Vinci .
The idea comes from a period of history called the Renaissance which lasted from about 1400 to about 1600 .
It can be used for anyone who is very clever at many different things .
The film opened in theaters in the United Kingdom 26 March 2010 and will begin 16 April 2010 in the United States .
She is played by Alexandra Daddario in the film ' .
She can think through things and look at options that sometimes evade Percy in his moments of battle panic .
She can think through things and look at options that sometimes evade Percy in his moments of battle panic .
She was nicknamed Wise Girl by Percy .
These feeling are present despite the fact that Luke and Percy are arch enemies and he has attempted to kill Percy many times .
But nosy campers snoop on this and throw them into the camp lake .
They are together at the end of the series .
The casting for the film has had a different reception .
It has been shown that Annabeth does not get along with her father and stepfamily .
Her stepsiblings appear to dislike her and feel afraid of her .
She initially was nicknamed Wise Girl .
These feeling are present despite the fact that Luke and Percy are arch enemies and he has attempted to kill Percy numerous times .
They are together as of the end of the Percy Jackson series .
The casting for the film has had an altogether different reception .
Percy is described as good looking by Annabeth Chase .
He is angered by Thalia Grace often because their personalities are the same and they do not get along well together because of that .
Percy has a sarcastic sense of humor and is funny in his writing .
Percy does not like nicknames or titles being given to him .
He will give up anything to save his friends and loved ones .
Percy has a sarcastic sense of humor and is wry in his writing style .
He will sacrifice anything to save his friends and loved ones .
He has been kicked out of every single school he has gone to .
Percy gets angry and accidentally makes water in a fountain close by pull Nancy into it during lunch .
It turns into a bronze sword .
Grover looks really worried about them .
Percy leaves Grover and takes a taxi to his apartment on his own .
His mother arrives soon after he gets home and tells him that they can go to Montauk Beach for the entire weekend .
Percy ditches Grover and takes a taxi to his apartment on his own .
His mother arrives soon afterward and tells him that they can go to Montauk for the entire weekend .
Bianca is killed by a crazed robot in the junkyard of the gods while trying to get a figurine for her brother Nico .
Bianca is fatally attacked by a crazed robot in the junkyard of the gods while trying to get a figurine for her brother Nico .
It works almost the same as but is bigger and more powerful than the iPhone or the iPod touch .
Both models can be bought with three different memory sizes for each .
Both models may be purchased with three different memory capacities .
Grover is the best friend of Percy Jackson .
He has an empathy link with him .
Grover gets afraid easily .
He starts eating furniture .
He always tries to defend his friends .
He is very loyal .
Grover also can deal with dangerous situations well .
An example would be when he was kidnapped by Polyphemus the Cyclops .
He likes enchiladas .
Grover loves nature very much and hates pollution because he is a satyr .
They are first seen together in The Battle of the Labyrinth .
He helps out animals .
He can also talk to them .
They are first shown together in The Battle of the Labyrinth .
He was also a violinist for 5 years .
Saint Mary 's Hall honored him with the school 's first masters teachers award .
Riordan started writing his Tres Navarre series with Big Red Tequila in 1997 .
He was inducted to the Texas Institute of Letters .
The Lightning Thief is being made into a film by Twentieth Century Fox with Chris Columbus directing .
His short fiction has appeared in Mary Higgins Clark Mystery Magazine and Ellery Queen 's Mystery Magazine .
The Center for Early Education Rocks !
We all hope he is writing new books of this series .
Rick Riordan is an American author from Texas famous for his Percy Jackson and the Olympians series .
He published The Maze of Bones for Scholastic Corporation which is the first in The 39 Clues series of books .
Clarisse La Rue is one of the major characters in Rick Riordan 's Percy Jackson and the Olympians series .
Her loyalty and desire to please her father seem wasted as Ares is harsh towards her .
Clarisse then slays the drakon by herself with no armor or shield .
Clarisse La Rue is one of the major characters in characters in Rick Riordan 's Percy Jackson and the Olympians series .
Her loyalty and desire to please her father seems wasted as Ares is harsh towards her .
Rachel Elizabeth Dare is a fictional character in Rick Riordan 's Percy Jackson and the Olympians stories .
She possesses a power of extraordinary foresight uncommon in even her demigod counterparts .
Percy is being chased by a group of Skeletons when she sneezes .
He realizes she knows it is a sword .
He also finds out that she can see through the Mist .
Rachel originally appeared at the Hoover Dam in The Titan 's Curse .
Percy was being chased by Skeletons when she sneezed .
She saves Percy Jackson from a squad of Skeletons who are about to attack him by sending him into a restroom behind her and sending the skeletons to the generators .
She goes with Percy and Annabeth through the maze .
Kronos has started to live in Luke Castellan 's body and tries to catch Percy .
Rachel appears with Annabeth and Nico di Angelo and throws her blue plastic hairbrush at Luke 's eye .
This confuses Kronos and lets Percy escape .
She is there when he dies .
He cuts them down and use them to build shopping malls .
She wants to hang out with Percy again .
Annabeth is not happy about this .
Percy promises to call her .
He says that he has memorized her phone number .
Rachel is happy about this .
Percy thinks of inviting her to his birthday party .
He is too afraid to do so .
Rachel and Percy become good friends in The Battle of the Labyrinth .
Annabeth becomes jealous of her .
Rachel also sees that Percy and Annabeth like each other more than they will admit .
She sets off with Percy and Annabeth through the maze .
She also mysteriously manages to convince a limousine driver to ditch his client and take her and the others around to look for an entrance into the Labyrinth .
Rachel sees that Percy and Annabeth seem to have a lot more feelings for each other than they will admit .
Paul Blofis is his mom 's boyfriend .
He does not think it will work out .
She also asks Percy to kiss her .
They are interrupted by a Pegasus .
It is Blackjack .
He lands on the car with Charles Beckendorf riding him .
Rachel kisses him for good luck before he leaves .
She takes in the spirit of the Oracle because Hades lifts the curse he had put on it .
She says the next Great Prophecy .
Rachel 's father is rich .
She does not like the way she lives .
She prefers helping charity .
Rachel also likes art .
Rachel is a love interest for Percy .
This makes tension between her and Annabeth .
He finally kills the creature with one of its horns .
He also finds out that his father is the god Poseidon .
The trio enter the Underworld and cross the River Styx .
Persephone takes them to Hades .
Percy tries to explain to Hades that he did not steal the bolt .
He steals the bolt from Percy and the two fight .
Percy attempts to explain to Hades that he is not the lightning thief .
They appeared in 7 episodes of the show .
They appeared in a total 7 episodes of the show .
Sunday school is the name for many different kinds of religious education done on Sundays .
Sunday school is the generic name for many different types of religious education pursued on Sundays by various denominations .
It is part of the company 's Macintosh type of computers .
There are two other computers sold by Apple that are also called desktop computers .
They are the iMac and Mac mini .
The Mac Pro is a workstation computer made by Apple Inc.
This means there are many Xserves linked together so they can combine their power .
It was available without a video card or optical drive .
They often include fever and bleeding .
They are caused by viruses .
Pi Day is a day when people around the world celebrate the number pi and also eat pie .
Pi Day is a day when people around the world celebrate the number pi and partake in the celebrations by consuming pieces of pie .
She was trying to show that the stories she wrote about slaves in Uncle Tom 's Cabin were true .
She was trying to show that the stories she wrote about slaves in Uncle Tom 's Cabin was true .
He watched over the building of Hwaseong Fortress in Suwon in the 1790s .
This later him of his writings .
Gwinong meant returning to the land .
He watched over the building of Hwaseong Fortress in Suwon in the early 1790s .
This later inspired him of his writings .
This is known as the equal field system and was supposed to give enough land for each farmer to live .
This is known as the equal field system and was supposed to guarantee enough land for each farmer to provide for his livelihood .
The reading dome 's original skylights were changed and covered in copper sheets in 1959 due to water leakage .
The reading dome 's original skylights were modified and covered in copper sheets in 1959 due to water leakage .
Plans for the rebuilding were cut back as there was not enough money for the original design .
The reading dome 's original high windows were changed and covered in copper sheets in 1959 because of water leaks .
The reading dome 's original skylights were changed and covered in copper sheets in 1959 due to water leakage .
As a result of the redevelopment the State Library of Victoria could now be considered one of the largest exhibiting libraries in the world .
In the 1870 's a new wrought iron fence and gates were built .
The space was opened when this fence was taken away in 1939 .
A number of statues are in the entrance area .
A pair of bronze lions graced the park from the 1860s until 1937 .
It was popular .
Bakers sometimes bake goods at home and then them in the streets .
Baking became a real art in the world .
Bakers sometimes baked goods at home and then them in the streets .
This new way of making bread was much easier than the other ways of doing so .
This was because now bread could be made anytime if only there was fire .
Each region is divided in provinces .
Chile has 54 provinces in total .
The provinces are also divided into communes which are ruled by a municipality .
Each region is divided into provinces .
There are 54 provinces in total .
Provinces are further divided into communes which are administered by a municipality .
The species began from the lake underlying Mexico City .
The species originates from the lake underlying Mexico City .
Space Ghost Coast to Coast is a parody talk show with characters from the Space Ghost action adventure show from the 1960 's .
Space Ghost Coast to Coast is a talk show with characters the Space Ghost action adventure show from the 1960 's .
He was best known as the head coach of the University of Alabama football team .
When he retired in 1982 he held the record for most wins as head coach in college football history .
He was best known as the longtime head coach of the University of Alabama football team .
Upon his retirement in 1982 he held the record for most wins as head coach in collegiate football history .
His nickname stemmed from his having agreed to wrestle a captive bear during a theater promotion when he was 13 years old .
Bryant accepted a scholarship to play for the University of Alabama in 1931 .
Bryant played end for the Crimson Tide and was a participant on the school 's 1934 National Championship team .
One of the players he coached for the Navy was the future Pro Football Hall of Fame quarterback Otto Graham .
Bryant told Marshall that he was intent on becoming a head coach .
Bryant coached at the University of Kentucky for eight seasons .
Bryant departed Kentucky after he and basketball coach Adolph Rupp had both completed successful seasons in their respective sports .
Rumors also stating that Bryant left Kentucky after his ideas of integrating the team were rebuffed .
The survivors were given the name Junction Boys .
Bryant took over the Alabama football team in 1958 .
The 1962 season ended with a victory in the Orange Bowl over Bud Wilkinson 's University of Oklahoma Sooners .
The following year ended with a victory in the 1963 Sugar Bowl .
The Crimson Tide would repeat as champions in 1965 after defeating Nebraska in the Orange Bowl .
The change helped make the remainder of the decade a successful one for the Crimson Tide .
Bryant announced his retirement as head football coach at Alabama effective with the end of the 1982 season .
The case went to the Supreme Court .
The national coach of the year award was subsequently named the Paul Bear Bryant Award in his honor .
Super Bowl XVII was dedicated to Bryant .
A moment of silence was held in his memory during the pregame ceremonies .
This was changed as a result of Alabama claiming the 1973 Coaches ' Poll national championship despite losing to Notre Dame in the Sugar Bowl .
He also served in the United States Army and reached the rank of brigadier general .
He is one of the few college football head coaches to coach the same school twice with a break in between the jobs .
His 1939 team is the last NCAA team in history to hold every regular season opponent scoreless .
His '39 squad is the last NCAA team in history to hold every regular season opponent scoreless .
Neyland was also an innovator .
He is credited with being the first coach to utilize sideline telephones and game film to study opponents .
His teams also were some of the first to wear lightweight pads and tearaway jerseys .
Such measures increased his players ' elusiveness and exemplify Neyland 's speed over strength philosophy .
Tennessee players recite the maxims before every game in the locker room as a team .
He coached the team for nine years before the Army called him to active duty for one year in Panama .
The Vols reeled off undefeated streaks of 33 and 28 straight games .
Upon returning to Tennessee from the Panama Canal Zone he retired from the military in favor of coaching .
He coached two more unbeaten Volunteer teams in 1938 and 1939 .
UT 's run of 17 straight shutouts and 71 consecutive shutout quarters are still records that many think will stand forever .
Neyland completed another undefeated regular season in 1940 .
Neyland was recalled to military service again in 1941 .
During his military career he was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal and the Legion of Merit and made a member of the Order of the British Empire .
He then served as athletic director at the university until his death .
They had met while she was visiting friends at the Academy .
The first Neyland Scholarships were awarded in 1963 .
The team that makes the fewest mistakes will win .
Press the kicking game .
Here is where the breaks are made .
Carry the fight to our opponent and keep it there for 60 minutes .
The Nintendo DSi XL is the latest game made and manufactured by Nintendo .
The Nintendo DSi XL is the latest handheld console made and manufactured by Nintendo .
Its key signature has two flats .
G minor is a minor scale based on G.
Changes needed for the melodic and harmonic versions of the scale are written in with accidentals as necessary .
Its relative minor is B minor .
It is probably the key with the most sharps that it can play well .
Changes needed for the melodic and harmonic versions of the scale are written in with accidentals as necessary .
C minor has had the meaning of heroic from Beethoven 's time .
Changes needed for the melodic and harmonic versions of the scale are written in with accidentals as necessary .
This is a very peaceful key .
It was used often by Franz Schubert .
No key suits it flute better than D major .
Arnold Bax 's last symphony is also in the same key .
Its key signature has five sharps .
Its relative major is B major .
The melodic and harmonic versions of the scale are written in with accidentals as necessary .
Changes needed for the melodic and harmonic versions of the scale are written in with accidentals as necessary .
Its key signature has six sharps .
Its key signature has seven sharps .
Changes needed for the melodic and harmonic versions of the scale are written in with accidentals as necessary .
Its key signature has six sharps and one double sharp .
The G sharp minor Prelude and Fugue from the same set end with a Picardy third in G sharp major .
G sharp major is used for a short time in several of Chopin 's nocturnes in C sharp minor .
The G sharp minor prelude and fugue from the same set end with a Picardy third in G sharp major .
G sharp major is tonicised briefly in several of Chopin 's nocturnes in C sharp minor .
Key pairs like this are called enharmonically equivalent .
So the theoretical key of D minor is usually written with the key signature of C minor .
So the theoretical key of D minor is usually practically notated by a key signature of C minor .
The President of Chile is the chief of state and the head of government in the country .
The President of Chile is both the chief of state and the head of government .
The official seat of the President of Chile is the La Moneda Palace in the capital Santiago .
Areopagitica is a book written by English poet John Milton in 1644 .
He wrote it to protest against censorship .
Areopagitica is a book John Milton wrote in 1644 to protest against censorship .
Milton had been censored himself when he tried to publish tracts which were in favor of allowing people to get divorced .
It is the first novel written by author Rick Riordan for children and teenagers .
Percy is the son of a mortal woman and the Greek god Poseidon .
Riordan finished writing his in 1994 .
The Lightning Thief was first bought by Bantam Books in 1997 .
Then it was sold in an auction to Miramax Books .
It will be made into a film named ' .
The to this book is The Sea of Monsters .
Riordan finished writing his manuscript in 1994 .
The sequel to this book is The Sea of Monsters .
He heals when he steps into a river .
He learns that he is a son of Poseidon when Poseidon 's trident appears above his head .
Poseidon had broken an oath he took with Hades and Zeus after World War II .
They promised of not having any more children since they were too powerful .
Percy is then given a quest to find Zeus 's master bolt which Chiron believes Hades stole .
He believes Poseidon had Percy steal the bolt .
Percy has ten days before summer solstice to find the bolt and is given magic shoes by Luke before leaving .
Percy is accompanied by Annabeth and Grover .
They decide to travel west to reach the entrance to the Underworld which is in Los Angeles .
But he manages to slip free his hooves .
Percy meets Hades who believes Percy also stole the Master Bolt as well as his Helm of Darkness .
Percy now understands that Ares has tricked him when he discovers the bolt in his backpack .
He flees from the Underworld and is forced to leave his mother .
Percy reaches New York City to give the master bolt to Zeus at the top of Empire State Building where Olympus is now present .
Zeus takes the master bolt .
Chiron cures him and Percy leaves camp .
He goes to attend another school found by his mother .
He heals when he steps into a river and is revealed as the son of Poseidon when Poseidon 's trident appears above his head .
Poseidon had broken an oath taken with Hades and Zeus after World War II of not having any more children since they were too powerful .
Percy is then granted a quest to find Zeus 's master bolt which Chiron believes Hades has stolen .
Percy confronts Hades who also believes Percy stole the Master Bolt as well as his Helm of Darkness .
Percy realizes that Ares has tricked him when he discovers the bolt in his backpack .
Percy reaches New York City to give the master bolt to Zeus at the top of Empire State Building which Olympus is now located .
Chiron cures him and Percy leaves to attend another school found by his mother .
Percy Jackson is a 12 year old who has ADHD and dyslexia .
He is a 12 year old boy who has ADHD as well as dyslexia .
Percy soon finds out that he is the son of Greek god Poseidon and that his disabilities are natural for demigods .
Soon he is forced on an adventure to find Zeus 's master bolt to prevent a war among the gods .
She also joins Percy on his quest for Zeus 's master bolt .
He leads Percy to the Camp after his mother is taken and goes with him him on his journey to find Zeus 's master bolt .
Percy Jackson is a twelve year old who has ADHD and dyslexia .
Percy soon discovers that he is the son of Greek god Poseidon and discovers that his disabilities are natural for demigods .
Soon he is forced on an adventure to find Zeus 's master bolt to prevent a disastrous war among the gods .
She also accompanies Percy on his quest for Zeus 's master bolt .
He leads Percy to the Camp after his mother is taken and accompanies him on his journey to find Zeus 's master bolt .
Percy meets Hades who thinks Percy also stole the Master Bolt as well as his Helm of Darkness .
Percy now understands that Ares has tricked him when he finds the bolt in his backpack .
He runs away from the Underworld and is forced to leave his mother .
Percy meets Hades who believes Percy also stole the Master Bolt as well as his Helm of Darkness .
Percy now understands that Ares has tricked him when he discovers the bolt in his backpack .
He flees from the Underworld and is forced to leave his mother .
Then it was sold in an to Miramax Books .
This reveals that he works for the Titan Kronos .
Then it was sold in an auction to Miramax Books .
Grover and Percy luckily escape .
Then it was sold to Miramax Books .
It was made into a film named ' .
He tells Percy 's mother that Percy must go to a camp .
Grover and Percy escape .
Percy is moved into the Hermes cabin under the care of Luke who is the cabin counselor .
They promised to not have any more children since they were too powerful .
Percy has ten days before summer solstice to find the bolt .
He is given magic shoes by Luke before leaving .
He runs away from the Underworld and is forced to leave his mother there .
Percy reaches New York City to give the master bolt to Zeus at the top of the Empire State Building where Olympus is now present .
He is the counselor of the Hermes cabin and helps train Percy in the art of battle .
He made the story of how Percy traveled across the United States to search for Zeus ' master bolt .
Then it was sold in an to Miramax Books .
It will be made into a film named ' .
He tells Percy 's mother that Percy must go to some camp .
Percy is moved into the Hermes cabin under the care of Luke who is the Cabin counselor .
Poseidon had broken an oath he took with Hades and Zeus after World War II .
They promised of not having any more children since they were too powerful .
Percy has ten days before summer solstice to find the bolt and is given magic shoes by Luke before leaving .
Percy is accompanied by Annabeth and Grover .
They decide to travel west to reach the entrance to the Underworld which is in Los Angeles .
But he manages to slip free his hooves .
He runs away from the Underworld and is forced to leave his mother .
Ares gives Percy the Helm of Darkness which Percy returns to Hades .
Percy reaches New York City to give the master bolt to Zeus at the top of Empire State Building where Olympus is now present .
He is the counsellor of the Hermes cabin helps to train Percy in the art of battle .
He made the story of how the latter traveled across United States to search for Zeus ' master bolt .
The Minotaur Percy 's mother .
They promised to not have any more children because they were too powerful .
The Minotaur grabs Percy 's mother .
Percy is moved into the Hermes cabin under the care of Luke who is the cabin counselor .
They promised to not have any more children since they were too powerful .
Percy Jackson is a 12 year old boy who has ADHD and dyslexia .
He has been thrown out of many schools .
She s into gold sparkles of light .
Percy is then told to find Zeus 's master lightning bolt which Chiron thinks Hades stole .
The thing he was told to do is called a quest .
He thikns Poseidon told Percy to steal the bolt .
He tells Percy that he has ten days before summer solstice to find it .
They meet many Greek monsters .
Percy now knows that Ares has tricked him when he finds the bolt in his backpack .
Percy then returns to camp after hearing that his mother is alive .
He goes to another school found by his mother .
Percy Jackson is a 12 year old who has ADHD and dyslexia .
He has been thrown out from several schools .
She s into a golden shower of light .
Percy is then given a quest to find Zeus 's master bolt which Chiron believes Hades stole .
He believes Poseidon had Percy steal the bolt .
Percy has ten days before summer solstice to find the bolt .
Percy meets Hades who thinks Percy also stole the Master Bolt as well as his Helm of Darkness .
Percy now understands that Ares has tricked him when he finds the bolt in his backpack .
Chiron cures him and Percy leaves camp .
He goes to attend another school found by his mother .
He is given magic shoes by Luke before leaving .
The money was enough for Riordan to resign his teaching job to focus on writing .
The money was enough for Riordan to resign his job to focus on writing .
The Lightning Thief is a 2005 fantasy and adventure novel based on Greek mythology .
Riordan completed his manuscript in 1994 .
It has appeared on the New York Times Children 's Best Seller list .
Haley had started studying Greek mythology in second grade and wanted his father to tell him bedtime stories about them .
He made the story of Percy traveling across the United States to search for Zeus ' master bolt .
Riordan finished writing his manuscript in 1994 .
Then it was sold to Miramax Books .
It has appeared on the New York Times children 's Best Seller list .
He made the story of how Percy traveled across the United States to search for Zeus ' master bolt .
The basic idea of numerical weather prediction is to sample the state of the fluid at a given time .
The equations of fluid dynamics and thermodynamics can then be used to estimate the state of the fluid at some time in the future .
The basic idea of numerical weather prediction is to sample the state of the fluid at a given time and use the equations of fluid dynamics and thermodynamics to estimate the state of the fluid at some time in the future .
Predictions beyond about six hours are unreliable .
Paul Bunyan is a fakeloric lumberjack in tall tales .
Paul Bunyan is a mythical lumberjack in tall tales .
His name was anglicized and stories were eventually modified and added upon from storyteller to storyteller .
Isolation units are the basic elements of base isolation system which are intended to provide the mentioned separation effect to a building structure .
Isolation components are the connections between isolation units and their parts of the building having no separation effect of their own .
Isolation components are the connections between isolation units and their parts having no decoupling effect of their own .
Isolation units are the basic elements of base isolation system which provide the mentioned separation effect to a building structure .
Isolation components are the connections between isolation units and other parts of the building having no separation effect of their own .
Isolation units are the basic elements of base isolation system which are intended to provide the mentioned separation effect to a building structure .
Isolation components are the connections between isolation units and their parts of the building having no separation effect of their own .
Hybrid control devices have combined features of active and passive control systems .
Passive control devices represent different types of base isolators and dampers .
Base isolators restrict penetration of potentially damaging seismic waves into a builing structure while dampers decrease detrimental effect of those waves .
The Reading and Leeds Festivals are two yearly music festivals .
They take place in Reading and Leeds in the United Kingdom .
They take place on the August of bank holiday weekend .
They share the same bill .
The game originated in India in the 6th century AD and spread to Persia .
The earliest versions of the game originated in India in the 6th century AD and spread to Persia .
No details are known about the life or of this .
It is believed that Ank ruled the country in the middle of the 5th century .
The Kojiki and Nihonshoki record that Ank was the second son of Emperor Ingy .
It is believed that Ank was killed in his third year of reign .
The of his grave site is not known .
No verifiable dates are known about this emperor 's life or reign .
It is believed that Ank was assassinated in his third year of reign .
RCMP is the federal police for all of Canada .
RCMP ensures security at three international airports .
The Mounties were to authority and to make with the native population in the west before began to arrive .
The Mounties were given the right to use the term Royal by King Edward VII in 1904 .
Today 's RCMP is the result of a reoganisation in 1920 .
The RCMP is the federal police for all of Canada .
The Mounties were formed to establish authority and to make accommodations with the native population in the west before settlement began .
The Mounties were given the Royal prefix by King Edward VII in 1904 .
The era before this ended and a new one started in Sh 6 .
The previous era ended and a new one started in Sh 6 .
This era from August 1293 through April 1299 .
The era from from August 1293 through April 1299 .
Castoreum is the liquid released from the castor sacs of the beaver .
Both male and female beavers have two castor sacs and two glands in two empty spaces under the skin between the pelvis and the base of the tail .
The castor sacs are not glands .
Castoreum is the substance released from the castor sacs of the Beaver .
Both male and female beavers have two castor sacs and two glands located in two empty spaces under the skin between the pelvis and the base of the tail .
Castoreum is the liquid from the castor sacs of the beaver .
It is a yellowish liquid .
It is mixed together with the beaver 's urine .
It is used to mark territory .
Both male and female beavers have two castor sacs .
They have two glands in two empty spaces under the skin .
They are between the pelvis and the base of the tail .
It is used also to make perfumes .
Castoreum is the liquid released from the castor sacs of the beaver .
Both male and female beavers have two castor sacs and two glands in two empty spaces under the skin between the pelvis and the base of the tail .
They are aged to soften .
They are also aged for their harshness to vanish .
It is often used with other ingredients .
There are some classic perfumes that use castor .
Modern use of castoreum is rare in medicine .
It was used to treat many different sicknesses .
The Romans believed the smells made by burning castoreum could bring about an abortion .
Castoreum is also used to add to the flavor and smell of cigarettes .
Castoreum has been used in Scandinavia for adding flavor to cookies .
Castoreum is also used to contribute to the flavor and smell of cigarettes .
He served in North Korea as the Foreign Minister and Vice Prime Minister .
These can be very helpful .
Bhagat Singh was one of the great Indian revolutionary leaders .
He became an activist for independance .
He was sentenced to hang for killing a policeman .
He is said to be a martyr .
Bhagatsingh is one of the greatest indian revolutionary leader .
He dreamed about independent and socialist india .
March 23rd became as a symbol for the aspirations of revolutionaries .
Some of the historians analised him as the lenin who was on becoming .
The Cairo International Book Fair is one of the biggest book fairs in the world .
There are hundreds of book sellers from around the world and about two million people go to the fair each year .
Cairo publishers make about three of every five Arabic language books printed in the world .
The 41st fair was held from 21 January to 5 February 2009 .
The students were protesting an Egyptian Ministry of Culture publisher printing and selling copies of the 1983 novel A Banquet for Seaweed by the Syrian writer Haidar Haidar .
In later years a number of books from foreign publishers have been taken by Egyptian authorities .
Two Egyptian journalists were arrested for giving out false propaganda against the government and others for presenting an avowedly socialist work .
Its 41st iteration was held from 21 January to 5 February 2009 .
The students were protesting an Egyptian Ministry of Culture publisher printing and presenting for sale copies of the 1983 novel A Banquet for Seaweed by the Syrian writer Haidar Haidar .
In following years a number of books presented by foreign publishers have been seized by Egyptian authorities .
The Cairo International Book Fair is one of the biggest book fairs in the world with hundreds of book sellers and about two million going to the fair every year .
It is organised by the General Egyptian Book Organisation .
It is organised by the General Egyptian Book Organisation .
The Cairo International Book Fair is one of the biggest book fairs in the world .
There are hundreds of book sellers from around the world and about two million people go to the fair each year .
Cairo publishers make about three of every five Arabic language books printed in the world .
The Cairo International Book Fair is one of the biggest book fairs in the world with hundreds of book sellers and about two million visitors every year .
Two Egyptian journalists were arrested for giving out false propaganda against the government and others for presenting socialist work .
The Cairo International Book Fair is one of the biggest book fairs in the world with hundreds of book sellers and about two million going to the fair every year .
Two Egyptian journalists were arrested for giving out false propaganda against the government and others for presenting an avowedly socialist work .
The era before this ended and a new one started in K ch 4 .
The previous era ended and a new one commenced in K ch 4 .
The era before this ended and a new one started in Bun ' 2 .
The previous era ended and a new one commenced in Bun ' 2 .
People spread rumors that blamed some Japanese people for knowing about the attack ahead of time and even helping the Japanese military .
This said that people who lived in some parts of the country could be taken out of those areas for any reason .
People spread rumors blaming some Japanese people for knowing about the attack ahead of time and even helping the Japanese military .
This said that people who lived in certain parts of the country could be removed from those areas for any reason .
Many of those who were sent to internment camps were American citizens who had been born in the United States .
Many of the Japanese Americans who were sent to internment camps were American citizens who had been born in the United States .
Many of those who were sent to internment camps were American people who had been born in the United States .
People spread gossip that said that some Japanese people for knowing about the attack ahead of time and helped the Japanese military .
Most of these areas were in the western United States .
Many of those who were sent to internment camps were American citizens who had been born in the United States .
People spread rumors that said that some Japanese people for knowing about the attack ahead of time and helped the Japanese military .
This included the entire state of California .
Many of those who were sent to internment camps had been born in the United States .
Many of those who were sent to internment camps were American people who had been born in the United States .
The Doctrines and Practice of Nichiren Shoshu The era before this ended and a new one started in Sh ka 2 .
The Doctrines and Practice of Nichiren Shoshu The previous era ended and a new one commenced in Sh ka 2 .
The era before this ended and a new one started in Sh ka 3 .
The previous era ended and a new one commenced in Sh ka 3 .
It was popular when opponents did not know how to counter it .
It goes towards the east to a line between the head of the Ross Ice Shelf and Eights Coast .
The territory is not a nation itself .
This was made in order to drill a high resolution ice core over the next three years .
It goes eastward approximately to a line between the head of the Ross Ice Shelf and Eights Coast .
Marie Byrd Land is a part of Antarctica .
It is between the Ross Ice Shelf and the Ross Sea to the west and the Pacific Ocean to the north .
Admiral Byrd named the territory in 1929 .
It was in honor of his wife .
The Defense Department of the US Government has also said that there was a solid basis for a claim for the territory .
This was because of the activities there before 1959 .
It was named again as Byrd Surface Camp .
This was to support operations in northern West Antarctica .
The survey was started by UCSB .
It was supported by the University of Texas Institute for Geophysics .
This was in order to support a large airborne geophysical survey of eastern Marie Byrd Land by the University of Texas Institute for Geophysics .
This was in easternmost Marie Byrd Land .
On Ruppert Coast of Marie Byrd Land is the Russian station Russkaya .
The survey was started by UCSB and supported by the University of Texas Institute for Geophysics .
It is found in the USA .
The absence of information about K sh does not show that he was not real .
The absence of information about K sh does not imply that no such person ever existed .
Three years later she did give birth to a son .
This was because the Danish court was very wild at this time .
King Frederick was famous for heavy eating and much drinking .
He was also unfaithful to the Queen .
He liked Denmark because he thought of it as a kingdom with good religion and a good trading partner .
Another reason James did not marry her was Henry needed great military help .
Three years later she did indeed bear Frederick a son .
The Danish court was very wild at this time .
He liked Denmark because he thought of it as a kingdom in religion and a good trading partner .
Another reason James did not marry her was Henry 's hard for military help .
She gave birth to three children who lived to become .
She also used them in her arguments about his treatment of her friend Beatrix Ruthven .
She gave birth to three children who lived past .
Anne seems to have been very excited about the match .
He said that it were death to her to have it broken off .
He added that she proved her love in a great number of ways .
Anne herself seems to have been very excited and happy about the match .
Fowler was suggesting that James liked men better than women .
Another reason James did not marry her was because Henry needed great military help .
Another reason James did not marry her was Henry needed great military help .
Some of the mixtures used in the injections contain potassium chloride which will raise the level of potassium in the blood considerably .
These injections may contain potassium chloride which will raise the level of potassium in the blood considerably .
The party membership was largely taken over by the Republican Party in 1854 .
The party membership was largely overpowered by the Republican Party in 1854 .
It is a very deadly jellyfish .
This is a very deadly jellyfish .
The Irukandji describes what happens to a person who has been stung by the Irukandji jellyfish .
The Irukandjis ' name comes from an Australian al tribe that lived in the Palm Cove region of North Queensland .
The Irukandji has made at least two swimmers in Australia die .
Jordon died a few days later .
There may have been more deaths which doctors did not know it was happening because of a jellyfish .
The jellyfish is very small and weak .
The Irukandji has caused the deaths of at least two swimmers in Australia .
The 58 year old British tourist died a few days later .
There may have been more deaths which doctors did not realize were caused by the jellyfish .
The jellyfish is very small and weak .
He put on diving and lay on the sea floor for six days until he found it .
He put on diving and lay on the sea floor for six days until he found the it .
The Irukandji is related to another jellyfish .
He put on diving and lay on the sea floor for six days until he discovered it .
It is very small and weak .
He put on diving and lay on the sea floor for six days until he found it .
Irukandji has stingers not only on its tentacles but also on its bell .
It lives in the waters of northern Australia .
This makes it hard to find .
The Irukandji is believed to be the most poisonous in the world .
Some people are not sure if that is true .
The Irukandjis ' name comes from an Australian Aboriginal tribe .
The tribe lived in the Palm Cove region of North Queensland .
He was a 58 year old British man .
The Irukandjis ' name comes from an Australian Aboriginal tribe that lived in the Palm Cove region of North Queensland .
Very little is known about the events of Y ryaku 's life and rule .
Poems that are said to be Y ryaku 's are included in the Many sh .
A number of his verses are kept in the Kojiki and the Nihonshoki .
Very little is known about the events of Y ryaku 's life and reign .
Poems attributed to Y ryaku are included in the Many sh .
A number of his verses are preserved in the Kojiki and the Nihonshoki .
It is a part of the Tumut Shire .
The town is about 160 kilometres west of Canberra on the Snowy Mountains Highway .
The town 's name comes from an Aboriginal word meaning along the way or plain with a river .
Adelong was settled between 1840 to 1850 .
Gold was discovered at Adelong by a Mr Williams in 1857 .
The gold was on the top of Victoria Hill and was part of of the Old Hill Reef .
Alluvial gold was found in both Adelong Creek and Golden Gully in the same year .
Adelong quickly became an an important goldfield .
Over 25 tonnes of gold was mined from 1857 to the close of the mines in 1914 .
The National Trust of Australia has listed the main street of Adelong and a number of buildings as being important historical places .
A number of narrow tramway tracks were built in the mine area .
Adelong is one of the only two gold mining areas in New South Wales known to have used a steam locomotive on its tramways .
During the gold rush many Chinese people worked in the mines .
Many died and were buried in a special part of the Adelong cemetery .
The Chinese part of the cemetery was destroyed in the early 1900s .
One or two old Chinese and Indian people still lived in Adelong in the 1950s .
This was mainly Merino sheep and beef cattle .
Over the last 20 years a tourists have come to visit because of the pleasant scenery and gold mining history .
The town is situated about 160 kilometres west of Canberra .
It is on the Snowy Mountains Highway .
The town 's name is said to be derived from an Aboriginal language meaning along the way or plain with a river .
It was settled about 1840 to 1850 before gold was found .
By 1859 a number of prominent lines of mineralisation were being actively exploited .
Over 25 tonnes of gold was mined from 1857 to the close of the mine in 1914 .
Adelong 's importance in Australia 's early mining history has been recognized by the National Trust of Australia with a large section of the main street as well as a number of impressive early buildings being classified .
Adelong is one of the only two gold mining areas in New South Wales known to have employed a steam locomotive on its tramways .
The gold ran out in the latter part of the 19th century and the pastoral industry became the principal activity .
Over the last 20 years a tourist industry has developed because of the pleasant scenery and gold mining history .
Unfortunately the Chinese portion of the cemetery was obliterated in the early 1900s .
One or two elderly Chinese and Indians still lived in Adelong in the 1950s .
He was the only well known indigenous Latin American photographer of his time .
He was from south Peru .
He was the only major indigenous Latin American photographer of his time .
Her books are both the subject of great study and the center of various fan culture .
They saw their liking for her works as a sign of their own .
Some praised her and some her from the masses .
But it was not until the 1940s that Austen was widely accepted as a great English novelist .
They studied different of her work .
The university English departments began developing in the first half of the twentieth century .
They also support Austen 's work in television and film .
Jane Austen lived her entire life as part of a large and close family .
Her family was in the lower part of the English gentry .
Her family 's steady support was very important to Austen 's development as a writer .
Austen 's training as a writer lasted from when she was a teenager until she was about 35 .
She wrote and three important novels and began a fourth .
This was because it made them famous .
It also made people think them .
His librarian showed her around and said that the Regent liked her books very much .
She did not want to follow this suggestion .
Austen refused the librarian 's suggestion after that to write a historical romance for the prince 's daughter 's marriage .
She could not finish it before her death .
Austen did not have time to see Northanger Abbey or Persuasion through the press .
Her brother Henry included a Biographical Notice of the Author .
This short biography made people think of Austen as a quiet aunt who wrote in her free time .
She was also interested in how much money the books would make .
Austen was a writer .
They are also remarkable for their burlesque and irony .
They criticize the novels of sensibility of the second half of the eighteenth century .
Her family 's steadfast support was critical to Austen 's development as a professional writer .
Austen turned down the librarian 's further hint to write a historical romance in honor of the prince 's daughter 's marriage .
Austen 's books quickly became fashionable .
Aristocrats who liked to set the fashion and taste of the day especially liked them .
He told a friend to b uy it immediately for it was one of the cleverest things he had ever read .
She added that is the most probable fiction I have ever read and had become at present the fashionable novel .
Edgeworth later said that we have been much with Mansfield Park .
She commented that the novel is the most probable fiction I have ever read and had become at present the fashionable novel .
High society evidently enjoyed Austen 's novels .
They mostly focused on the moral lessons of her books .
Famous writer Walter Scott wrote the longest and deepest of these reviews .
He was asked by publisher John Murray to review Emma .
Scott wrote in his private journal in 1826 about Austen .
They most often focused on the moral lessons of the novels .
High society liked and approved of Austen 's novels .
That young lady had a talent for describing the and feelings and characters of ordinary life which is to me the most wonderful I ever met with .
Northanger Abbey and Persuasion were published together in December 1817 .
They were reviewed in the British Critic in March 1818 and in the Edinburgh Review and Literary Miscellany in May 1818 .
The reviewer for the British Critic felt that Austen 's great use of realism was proof of a limited imagination .
The reviewer for the Edinburgh Review thought differently .
He praised Austen for her invention .
He was also pleased with Austen 's stories because they mixed familiar scenes with surprising twists .
Austen scholars have pointed out that these early reviewers did not know what to make of her works .
Reviewers thought Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice were stories of virtue overcoming vice .
High society evidently enjoyed Austen 's novels .
That young lady had a talent for describing the involvement and feelings and characters of ordinary life which is to me the most wonderful I ever met with .
The reviewer for the British Critic felt that Austen 's exclusive dependence on realism was evidence of a deficient imagination .
Reviewers reduced Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice to didactic tales of virtue prevailing over vice .
In the Quarterly Review in 1821 another review came out .
Richard Whately was an English writer and theologican .
He published the most serious early review of Austen 's work .
Whately compared Austen and great writers such as Homer and Shakespeare with favor .
He praised the dramatic quality of her stories .
He even said they were more important than history or biography .
Whately also addressed Austen 's position as a female writer .
No better criticism of Austen was put in print until the late nineteenth century .
Whately and Scott had begun the Victorian era 's view of Austen .
There were two for Sense and Sensibility .
Pride and Prejudice received three .
Mansfield Park received none .
There were seven for Emma .
Austen had a great number of readers who liked and respected her in the nineteenth century .
They wished for powerful emotion be authenticated by an egregious display of sound and color in the writing .
Victorian critics and audiences liked the work of writers like Charles Dickens and George Eliot .
Austen 's works were put in print again beginning in late 1832 or early 1833 .
The people who read Austen saw themselves as clever readers .
They were the clever few .
George Henry Lewes was a philosopher and literary critic .
He spoke about this theme in a series of articles in the 1840s and 1850s .
The Novels of Jane Austen was put in print in Blackwood 's Magazine in 1859 .
He also compared her to Shakespeare .
This became a common theme of Austen criticism during the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
Philosopher and literary critic George Henry Lewes articulated this theme in a series of enthusiastic articles in the 1840s and 1850s .
He argued that Austen was not good at making up .
She said there was not enough passion in her work .
They thought that liking her works was a sign that they were clever .
They saw their liking for her works as a sign of their own .
They were the few .
They were the clever few .
They began appearing in 1813 with a French translation of Pride and Prejudice .
They were not always easy to get in Europe .
Austen was not well known in Russia .
The first Russian translation of an Austen novel did not appear until 1967 .
Austen 's works were translated into various European languages .
This was partly because of the changes made by translators .
They put in sentimentalism into Austen 's works .
They also failed to put in her humor and irony .
The great changes made by her translators made the Continent receive Austen differently than in Britain .
Austen 's works were seen in France as part of a sentimental tradition .
Austen was also treated as a romantic writer in Germany .
Their availability in Europe was not universal .
Austen was not well known in Russia and the first Russian translation of an Austen novel did not appear until 1967 .
This perception was reinforced by the changes made by translators who injected sentimentalism into Austen 's novels and eliminated their humor and irony .
European readers therefore more readily associated Walter Scott 's style with the English novel .
Only a few people actually read her novels .
This changed the way people thought of Austen .
Both had known Austen .
The Memoir made people think of an untrained writer who wrote .
This made them feel that her works were safe for respectable Victorian families to read .
The Memoir made Austen 's books be printed again in great numbers .
The first popular editions came out in 1883 .
They were a cheap series printed by Routledge .
More came out in two years than had come out in the last 50 years .
The publication of the Memoir spurred a major reissue of Austen 's novels .
William and Arthur were both part of the Austen family .
It was based mostly on family papers and letters .
The authors moved away from the sentimental tone of the Memoir .
It does not offer much interpretation .
Their book therefore offers bare facts and little in the way of interpretation .
In 1890 Godwin Smith printed the Life of Jane Austen .
This began a fresh in the critical .
It did not a lot of influence until Lionel Trilling quoted it in 1957 .
Margaret Oliphant was another important writer whose criticism of Austen did not have much influence .
This kind of criticism was not fully developed until the 1970s .
This was when feminist literary criticism began .
This line of criticism would not be fully explored until the 1970s with the rise of feminist literary criticism .
Austen 's works had been in print in the United States from 1832 .
Austen was not democratic enough for Americans .
The way Americans thought about Austen was represented in an argument between William Dean Howells and Mark Twain .
Austen was not democratic enough for American tastes and her canvas did not explore the frontier themes that had come to define American literature .
Austen novels began to be studied at universities .
Her works also began to come out in histories of the English novel .
This picture of Austen had been made famous by Howells in his essays in Harper 's Magazine .
Writer and critic Leslie Stephen described a mania for Austen that grew in the 1880s .
She called it Austenolatry .
It was only after the the Memoir was printed that readers grew to like Austen as a person .
They called themselves Janeites .
They wanted to show that they were different from the people who they thought did not understand Austen properly .
They began calling themselves Janeites .
American novelist Henry James approved of Austen .
But James thought Austen was an unconscious artist who was instinctive and charming .
Southam calls it as a Janeite piece without the worship .
He said that she was a writer of great concentration and a sharp critic of her society .
Farrer was one of the first critics who saw Austen as a writer .
They called themselves Janeites .
Southam describes it as a Janeite piece without the worship .
Farrer was one of the first critics who viewed Austen as a subversive writer .
Howells had made this picture of Austen famous by his essays in the Harper 's Magazine .
Writer and critic Leslie Stephen described a mania for Austen that grew in the 1880s as Austenolatry .
American novelist Henry James liked Austen .
This picture of Austen had been made famous by Howells in his essays in Harper 's Magazine .
Writer and critic Leslie Stephen described a mania for Austen that grew in the 1880s .
She called it Austenolatry .
American novelist Henry James approved of Austen .
The light of Austen scholarship was beginning to shine through several important early works .
These works helped Austen become well accepted in the .
The first was Oxford Shakespearean scholar Andrew Cecil Bradley 's 1911 essay .
He argued that she was a as well as a humorist .
Bradley separated Austen 's works into early and late novels .
Scholars still separate Austen 's works as Bradley did today .
His edition of Austen 's works was the first scholarly edition of the works of any English novelist .
The Chapman edition has been the basis for all editions of Austen 's works after that .
The Chapman texts have remained the basis for all subsequent editions of Austen 's works .
He argued that Austen did not support society 's customs .
Her irony was not humorous but bitter .
He also claimed that Austen wanted to show the faults of the society she wrote about .
Her irony was not humorous but caustic and intended to undermine the assumptions of the society she portrayed .
Lascelles felt that critics before her had all worked in a way so small that the reader does not see how they have reached their until he has patiently found his own way to them .
Critics after Lascelles agreed that she studied them well .
Lascelles was interested in Austen 's connection to Samuel Johnson and her desire to discuss morality through fiction .
In this she was much like Bradley before her .
Lascelles felt that prior critics had all worked on a scale so small that the reader does not see how they have reached their conclusions until he has patiently found his own way to them .
She wished to examine all of Austen 's works together and to subject her style and techniques to methodical analysis .
Subsequent critics agree that she succeeded .
They were fearful that Austen was being criticized only by academics .
The revisionist views and Leavis 's words helped Austen to have a great reputation among academics .
He argued that Austen did not support society 's customs .
Her irony was not humorous but bitter .
A great number of people have studied Austen as a political writer .
The interest these critics showed in Austen made people discover and study other women writers in Austen 's time .
She called them both Enlightenment feminists .
The period after the Second World War saw a flowering of scholarship on Austen as well as a diversity of critical approaches .
One of the most fruitful and contentious has been the consideration of Austen as a political writer .
The interest generated in Austen by these critics led to the discovery and study of other woman writers of the time .
It is used to talk about land which has never been under the rule of any state .
It can also be that the previous owner has given up their ownership .
This can be done either implicitly or explicitly .
Rule over terra nullius can be obtained by occupying the territory .
Sovereignty over terra nullius can be obtained by occupying the territory .
It is along the border between Egypt and Sudan .
It is claimed by neither country right now .
It is sometimes given the name the Land of the Vidya .
The longer side is in the north of the area .
It runs along the 22 north circle of latitude .
The administrative boundary of Sudan and Egypt was made in 1902 .
Their political boundary was set in 1899 .
It was set as the 22 north circle of latitude .
It is long in the north .
It is also in size .
The Bir Tawil area came under Egyptian administration in 1902 .
This was because the tribes of this area were based in Sudan .
The area was ruled by the British Governor in Khartoum .
This would place the Hala'ib Triangle within Egypt and the Bir Tawil area within Sudan .
Sudan claims the administrative border of 1902 .
It would also be difficult for any other state to claim the area .
This is because only Sudan or Egypt border the land .
It has a height of 459 meters .
In the east is Jabal ajar az Zarq ' .
It has a height of 662 meters .
It is sometimes referred to as Land of the Vidya .
The longer side is in the north of the area running along the 22 north circle of latitude .
The administrative boundary of Sudan and Egypt was defined in 1902 .
The area therefore became the responsibility of the British Governor in Khartoum .
As a result Bir Tawil is one of the few land areas of the world which is not claimed by any state .
This tradition is almost the same as the Lord Mayors in other countries .
In Australia it is a political position .
See list of cities in Australia .
If a man and a woman want to make sure they wo n't make a baby they may use contraception which is something that stops a baby being made .
Sex is penis in vagina .
If a man and a woman want to make sure they wo n't make a baby they may use contraception which is something that stops a baby being made .
Any body who is reading this article is not fit to reproduce !
Sexual intercourse is normally called having sex or making love .
This is the most common way to make a baby .
People can also have sex for fun and not just to make babies .
Sex with anuses is called anal sex .
Sometimes men also have anal sex with each other .
It involves a man and woman having sex without birth control until the man ejaculates semen into the woman 's vagina .
It involves a man and woman having unprotected sex to the point where the man ejaculates semen into the woman 's vagina .
Controlling someone with sex is usually considered wrong .
Controlling someone with sex is usually considered wrong and dirty .
These men and women are both called homosexuals .
Most people have decided pedophilia and bestiality are bad .
Men who like to have sex only with men are called gays .
Men who like to have sex only with men are called gay .
Sexual intercourse is what humans and some animals do to reproduce or to make copies of themselves to survive .
People can have sex just for the stimulation and the emotional bond created between partners .
Sexual intercourse is what humans and some animals do to reproduce .
Sometimes people have sex for fun .
Some animals also do this .
Sex does n't have to make babies .
People can have sex for fun .
Some people feel like they want to have sex with animals .
This is called bestiality .
This is called pedophilia .
Most people have decided pedophilia and bestiality are bad .
They are against the law in most places .
Sometimes one person uses sex to control another person .
This is called sexual politics .
Controlling someone with sex is usually considered wrong .
Some diseases can be spread by sex or in other ways .
Some people have fetishes in which they pleasure themselves sexually in uncommon ways .
Some people have fetishes which makes them sexually aroused to things other than what is usually thought of as regular sexual intercourse .
Contraception allows people to keep sex for fun separate from sex to make children .
This ability allows people to keep the types of purposes apart more than before but they still overlap a great deal .
A stronger relation ship will mean that they will better be able to raise children in the future .
Kim Carnes is a singer .
She sang the hit song Bette Davis Eyes in 1981 .
Kim Carnes is an singer .
She sings Bette Davis Eyes .
Sorai consulted the ancient works to get more reliable knowledge .
He stated that the ultimate form of scholarly knowledge was history .
In this he was highly influenced by the Ancient Rhetoric school of the Ming period .
Sorai was a supporter of the samurai class .
Sorai was furthermore a supporter of the samurai class .
Sorai 's school saw Selections of Tang Poetry mainly as a means of accessing the Five Classics .
In this viewpoint it was different from other Confucianist schools .
However it differed in that he saw it mostly as a means of accessing the Five Classics .
Some scholars criticised his work and found his teaching was impractical .
Goi thought that Sorai had used It 's arguments to the level of absurdity .
The published essay had been edited by Chikuzan and his brother .
In this work he rejected the idea that individuals could not improve themselves through moral choices .
He also claimed individuals were able judge if external ideas and actions were true or just .
The text was edited by his own students and contained their questions followed by his answers .
Some later scholars criticised his work and found his teaching to be impractical .
Moreover he claimed individuals were able judge whether external ideas and actions as true or just .
The text was edited by his own students and contained their questions followed by his answers to them .
Sorai rejected the moral ways of Song Confucianism and looked at the older works instead .
The rites gave social order and music gave inspiration for the heart .
Master Sorai 's Teachings is a record of Sorai 's teaching and his exchanges with his students .
The text was edited by his own students and contained their questions followed by his answers .
Some scholars criticised Sorai 's work and found his teaching was impractical .
Goi felt that Sorai 's teachings would cause a lot of damage to moral philosophy if they were followed .
He used the pen name Butsu Sorai in some of his writings .
Ogy rejected the moralism of Song Confucianism and looked at the older works instead .
He also saw that the Chinese sage kings were not only concerned with morality but also with government itself .
Institutions that were once under great leadership will later decline and more able men will be less likely to come to power .
Some scholars criticised his work and found his teaching was impractical .
Master Sorai 's Teachings is a record of his teaching and exchanges with his students .
The text was edited by his own students and contained their questions followed by his answers .
The usual implementation of a game port uses a capacitor and a simple voltage comparator .
This must be done more than 30 times every second to provide a responsive game input .
Its analog nature has also been the cause of a great number of problems .
One problem was that all kinds of joysticks needed calibration .
This is because USB sends digital signals .
The typical implementation of a game port uses a capacitor and a simple voltage comparator .
This must be done more than 30 times per second to provide a responsive game input .
Its analog nature has also been the cause of many problems .
This is because USB transmits digital signals .
The team with the most points is ranked number one .
This would mean that a team scored more points per game than another team .
This would be the team that was better than the other team when they played against each other .
The points earned in the first home game played by the team with more home games do not count .
The team with the most points earned per game in games among those clubs .
The odd games between those teams do not count .
The team with the biggest differential between goals for and against for the entire regular season .
This would be the team that won their games by the most goals .
The greater differential between goals for and against for the entire regular season .
The continuum hypothesis is a hypothesis that there is no set that is both bigger than that of the natural numbers and smaller than that of the real numbers .
The continuum hypothesis is a hypothesis that there is no set that is both bigger than the natural numbers and smaller than the real numbers .
A Russian paper on its development was released in 2010 by an arrogant student of an Australian high school just before he was hired by Google and convinced not to tell anyone how the data structure works .
A Russian paper on its development was released in 2010 by an arrogant student of an Australian high school just before he was hired by Google and convinced not to divulge just how the data structure works .
A Russian paper on its development was released in 2010 by an arrogant Russian high school student just before he was hired by Google and convinced not to tell anyone how the data structure works .
A Russian paper on its development was released in 2010 by an arrogant student of an Australian high school just before he was hired by Google and convinced not to tell anyone how the data structure works .
A Russian paper on its development was released in April 2010 by an arrogant Russian high school student just before he was hired by Google and convinced not to tell anyone how the data structure works .
A Russian paper on its development was released in 2010 by an arrogant Russian high school student just before he was hired by Google and convinced not to tell anyone how the data structure works .
A paper in Russian on its development was released in April 2010 by an undisclosed high school student just before he was hired by Google .
The student is said to have improved the algorithms surrounding the data structure which are now kept as a trade secret by Google .
A Russian paper on its development was released in April 2010 by an arrogant Russian high school student just before he was hired by Google and convinced not to tell anyone how the data structure works .
Its main use is to show large map areas .
It may be accompanied by yawning .
Many athletes and dancers stretch deliberately before or after exercise in order to enhance performance and reduce injury .
It can be accompanied by yawning .
Many athletes and dancers stretch deliberately before or after exercise in order to increase performance and reduce injury .
On Chronicling Pop .
It was first broadcast in 1969 .
It was first broadcast ted in 1969 .
Most of the time it means that people leave an area or a zone because of an or threat .
Most of the time it means that people leave a area or a zone because of an or threat .
Some used pens on ordinary paper .
Others used light beams to expose photosensitive paper .
Seismograms are very important for measuring earthquakes using the Richter scale .
Seismograms are essential for measuring earthquakes using the Richter scale .
Its role is one of the biggest .
This is because of the instrument 's combined melodic and harmonic nature .
The band is known for mixing Rock and Argentinean folk music .
Divididos is a Rock band from Argentina .
The name of the book seems to come from the similarities between this book and the stories of the martyrdom of Eleazar and the Maccabeean youths in 2 Maccabees .
The High Priest Shimon is also mentioned .
Lincoln Park Zoo is a free zoo .
The zoo was founded in 1868 .
This was when the Lincoln Park Commissioners were given a gift of a pair of swans .
This was the first animal bought for the zoo .
The bear became quite good at escaping from its home .
It could often be found wandering around Lincoln Park at night .
The bear became quite adept at escaping from its home and could frequently be found roaming Lincoln Park at night .
The Latin Vulgate was the most common in Western Christianity through the Middle Ages .
English Bible translations in particular have a rich and different history of more than a millennium .
The Latin Vulgate was dominant in Western Christianity through the Middle Ages .
English Bible translations in particular have a rich and varied history of more than a millennium .
Pennywise is an American melodic hardcore band .
After that Bradbury replaced him .
Pennywise has released nine studio albums .
Pennywise is an American punk rock band .
Pennywise has released a total of nine studio albums .
The song is part of their debut album The 1st Album .
The music video of the single was shot in 1984 at the RTL studios in Luxembourg .
The song has been recorded by many other artists .
The song has been covered by number of artists .
The original song was released in 1984 .
The single was released in 29 October 1984 .
It reached the Germany Top 10 in 28 January 1985 .
It sold over 8 million copies .
It earned gold in France too .
The music video of the single was recorded in 1984 .
It was filmed in the RTL studios in Luxembourg .
It is the first one they release after their comeback in 1998 .
The single was released in 16 March 1998 .
It reached Top 10 in Sweden and Finland .
It was a jazz version of the song for his album Songs Forever .
Leningrad Cowboys recorded the song in 2006 .
It was for their album Zombie 's Paradise .
Leningrad Cowboys recorded the song in 2006 for the release of their album Zombie 's Paradise .
He was a private agent in London of the Government Junta of Iquique in 1891 .
He was private agent in London of the Government Junta of Iquique in 1891 .
The user looks at the text which has be created and corrects any mistakes the software has made .
The user looks at the text whihc has be created and corrects any mistakes the software has made .
Renal cancer is defined as a kind of sickness that begins in the kidneys .
Renal cancer is defined as any malignancy that begins in the kidneys .
Renal cancer is a form of cancer that begins in the kidneys .
Renal cancer is defined as a form of cancer that begins in the kidneys .
Partial nephrectomy may also be an option for some patients .
An Astroctytoma is a form of a brain tumor that comes from astrocytes .
An Astroctytoma is a from of a brain tumor that arises from astrocytes .
Flash floods can also happen after the collapse of a dam .
Flash floods can also occur after the collapse of a dam .
Pluto is the ninth and last planet in our Solar System from the Sun .
Pluto is the ninth and last planet from the Sun .
Pluto was found in 1930 by Clyde Tombaugh .
Pluto was named after the Roman god of hell .
We used to call Pluto the ninth planet .
They said that it should be called a dwarf planet instead .
Pluto has instead been placed in the category of dwarf planets .
Clyde Tombaugh discovered Pluto in 1930 .
Pluto was named after the Roman god of the Underworld .
Clyde Tombaugh found Pluto in 1930 .
Pluto was named after the Roman god of hell .
This name was suggested by Venetia Burney from England .
She was eleven years old at the time .
Pluto has instead been placed in the category of dwarf planets .
We used to call Pluto the ninth planet .
They said that it should be called a dwarf planet instead .
This causes Pluto to periodically come closer to the Sun than Neptune .
A number of scientists continue to hold that Pluto should be classified as a planet .
Subsequent observations of Neptune in the late 19th century caused astronomers to speculate that Uranus ' orbit was being disturbed by another planet besides Neptune .
The discovery made headlines across the globe .
Tombaugh urged Slipher to suggest a name for the new object quickly before someone else did .
These suggestions were disregarded .
Pluto received every vote .
Croswell pp .
The name was soon embraced by wider culture .
Pluto 's orbital period lasts for 248 Earth years .
Its orbital characteristics are substantially different from those of the planets .
The planets all orbit the Sun close to a flat reference plane called the ecliptic and have nearly circular orbits .
This high eccentricity leads to a small region of Pluto 's orbit lying closer to the Sun than Neptune 's .
Several factors contribute to this .
Some other mechanism or mechanisms must therefore be at work .
Pluto and Neptune 's minimum separation is over 17 AU .
Computer processing of many such observations can be used to create a brightness map .
This method can also track changes in brightness over time .
Pluto 's overall redness has also increased substantially between 2000 and 2002 .
The lower atmosphere contains a higher concentration of methane than its upper atmosphere .
The conclusion was confirmed and significantly strengthened by extensive observations of another occultation in 1988 .
It will take decades for the excess nitrogen to condense out of the atmosphere as it freezes onto the north pole 's now permanently dark ice cap .
Spikes in the data from the same study revealed what may be the first evidence of wind in Pluto 's atmosphere .
Guy Gugliotta .
Possible New Moons for Pluto .
Washington Post .
This and the large size of Charon relative to Pluto has led some astronomers to call it a dwarf double planet .
Similar conclusions have been made from occultation studies .
Pluto 's origin and identity had long puzzled astronomers .
This notion has been heavily criticised because Pluto never comes near Neptune in its orbit .
Most astronomers agree that Pluto owes its current position to a sudden migration undergone by Neptune early in the Solar System 's formation .
Pluto presents significant challenges for spacecraft because of its small mass and great distance from Earth .
Voyager 2 never had a plausible trajectory for reaching Pluto .
No serious attempt to explore Pluto by spacecraft occurred until the last decade of the 20th century .
In early 2007 the craft made use of a gravity assist from Jupiter .
New Horizons will also photograph the surfaces of Pluto and Charon .
Discovery of moons Nix and Hydra may present unforeseen challenges for the probe .
Museum and planetarium directors occasionally created controversy by omitting Pluto from planetary models of the Solar System .
The Hayden Planetarium reopened after renovation in 2000 with a model of only eight planets .
The controversy made headlines at the time .
The debate came to a head in 2006 with an IAU resolution that created an official definition for the term planet .
The object must be in orbit around the Sun .
The object must be massive enough to be a sphere by its own gravitational force .
It must have cleared the neighborhood around its orbit .
There has been some resistance within the astronomical community toward the reclassification .
Others have supported the IAU .
It 's been a long time coming .
Reception to the IAU decision was mixed .
An examination of the redefinition of Pluto from a linguistic perspective .
Series of personal articles written by astronomers involved in the debate .
An early article questioning the planetary status of Pluto .
It 's formal name is 134340 Pluto .
It is quite small .
It is only a third its volume .
It has an odd orbit .
This orbit is very inclined .
This causes Pluto to sometimes come closer to the Sun than Neptune .
They questioned why it was a major planet from then .
It became a dwarf planet along with Eris and Ceres .
It was given the number 134340 .
This causes Pluto to periodically come closer to the Sun than Neptune .
She suggested it when she was talking with her grandfather Falconer Madan .
She suggested it in a conversation with her grandfather Falconer Madan .
It is important in medicine because it is an effective treatment for metastatic renal cell carcinoma and Metastatic melanoma .
The method uses known decay rates .
Fossils may be dated by taking samples of suitable rocks from strata above and below the fossil 's original position .
The method requires that neither the parent nuclide nor the daughter product can enter or leave the material after its formation .
Measurements should be taken on multiple samples from different parts of the rock body .
Using different dating methods may be required to confirm the age of a sample .
The basic equation of radiometric dating requires that neither the parent nuclide nor the daughter product can enter or leave the material after its formation .
Precision is enhanced if measurements are taken on multiple samples from different locations of the rock body .
Correlation between different isotopic dating methods may be required to confirm the age of a sample .
Game Maker is a program for the Windows operating system .
Game Maker allows people to create computer games without knowing a computer programming language .
The newest version is Game Maker 8 .
One of these features is three dimensional graphics .
This allows people to make games using mostly the computer mouse .
People can make simple games by moving these icons into a given order .
More detailed games can be made when Game Maker Language is used .
Game Maker has an internet community and website .
People can also get help on using Game Maker from other people .
It is now made and released by YoYo Games .
Game Maker can allow people to make games for computers without knowing how to use code .
Game Maker can also make many complicated programs with the coding it has .
Game Maker lets people create computer games without knowing a computer programming language .
This lets people make games using mostly the computer mouse .
Game Maker allows people to create computer games without knowing a computer programming language .
This allows people to make games using mostly the computer mouse .
A conference is a group of divisions .
The Scouts were a new team .
The Scouts now play as the New Jersey Devils .
The new Patrick Division was also in the Clarence Campbell Conference .
The other conference was the Prince of Wales Conference .
The East Division and the new Adams Division were in the Prince of Wales Conference .
A number of teams moved to new divisions and conferences .
Both teams joined the Smythe Division .
The Scouts were a new expansion team and now play as the New Jersey Devils .
The Clarence Campbell Conference also contained the new Patrick Division .
The other conference was the Prince of Wales Conference which contained the East Division and the new Adams Division .
The WHA was a competor of the NHL .
Several teams moved to new divisiona and conferences .
It is the only historically black college in the state .
It is the westernmost historically black college in the United States .
The school was started in 1897 .
Tbe school was first known as the Oklahoma Colored Agricultural and Normal University .
Langston University was created because of the second Morrill Act in 1890 .
This was required in order to receive federal money .
He was a civil rights pioneer .
He was the first African American member of Congress from Virginia .
Langston started the Howard University Law School .
It is known as a leader in the field of agricultural research .
The student life at Langston University got the attention of BET and the second season of the reality television show College Hill was filmed there .
The school was founded in 1897 and was known as the Oklahoma Colored Agricultural and Normal University .
Langston University was created as a result of the second Morrill Act in 1890 .
The student life at Langston University garnered the attention of BET and the second season of the reality television show College Hill was filmed there .
He is known for his ability to dribble the ball and keep it away from defenders .
Haynes learned to dribble the basketball from his sisters .
His skills may have been helped by handling the ball on the dirt courts of his hometown .
The Sam Huston team was coached by a young Jackie Robinson .
They were always on the search for trick ballhandlers .
Langston was invited to play an exhibition game against the Globetrotters in Oklahoma City .
He was immediately invited to join the Globetrotters .
He returned to Langston to complete his degree .
Then he began his long professional career .
Boxing legend Sugar Ray Robinson sometimes played games with this team .
Many consider him the top ballhandler who ever lived .
Boxing legend Sugar Ray Robinson sometimes played exhibitions with this team .
It is made up of historically black universities in the Southern United States .
It participates in the NCAA 's Division I for all sports .
It is the only one of the two whose members offer a full range of scholarships for football .
Paul Quinn became the first of the original members to leave the league when it did so in 1929 .
Southern University entered the league in 1934 .
Paul Quinn became the first of the original members to withdraw from the league when it did so in 1929 .
The winner receives the Kenesaw Mountain Landis Memorial Baseball Award .
The award is named in honor of the first MLB commissioner .
Landis served from 1920 to 1944 .
MVP voting takes place before the postseason .
The results are not announced until after the World Series .
The BBWAA began asking three writers in each league city in 1938 .
They made that number two per league city in 1961 .
Carl Hubbell and Hal Newhouser are the only pitchers to win more than once .
Newhouser won his in 1944 and 1945 .
Rodriguez is the only player to win the award with two different teams at two different positions .
Jimmie Foxx was the first player to win more than once .
Ten players have won three times and seventeen have won twice .
The award 's only tie occurred in the National League in 1979 when Keith Hernandez and Willie Stargell received the same amount of points .
The New York Yankees have the most winning players with 22 .
Five teams have not had a winner .
The most recent winners are Joe Mauer in the American League and Albert Pujols in the National League .
MVP voting takes place before the postseason but the results are not announced until after the World Series .
The award 's only tie occurred in the National League in 1979 when Keith Hernandez and Willie Stargell received an equal amount of points .
Five franchises have not had a winner .
The most recent recipients are Joe Mauer in the American League and Albert Pujols in the National League .
American League President Ban Johnson said a recalculation showed that Cobb had won the race anyway .
Chalmers ended up giving cars to both players .
A committee of baseball writers were to come together after the season to determine the most important and useful player to the club and to the league .
A committee of baseball writers were to convene after the season to determine the most important and useful player to the club and to the league .
It has been copied for many other sports events .
Creating the medals is the responsibility of the host city .
One side showed a design by Florentine artist Giuseppe Cassioli with text giving the host city .
The other side showed another design of an Olympic champion .
Minting the medals is the responsibility of the host city .
A second baseman is the baseball player who guards second base .
He needs the ability to get rid of the ball quickly .
He must be able to make the turn on a double play .
This makes it easier to turn a double play .
A second baseman is the baseball player guarding second base .
Second base is also known as the keystone sack .
Between 1984 and 2000 he collaborated with Dieter Bohlen for which he sang in the Modern Talking and Blue System choruses .
It is also known as a 5K or 5 km .
Much of the distance 's popularity is due to the challenge it gives to both amateurs and professionals .
Much of the distance 's popularity is due to the challenge it offers to both novices and accomplished professionals .
The first world record in the men 's 5000 metres was recognized by the International Association of Athletics Federations in 1912 .
The first world record in the women 's 5000 metres was recognized by the International Association of Athletics Federations in 1981 .
Until 2003 the stadium and the large amount of land that is around it was owned by Barnsley Football Club .
However after falling into administration in 2002 the council purchased the main Oakwell Stadium .
This allowed the club to pay its creditors and remain participants in The Football League .
The roof of the West Stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper level seating area by a temporary ladder .
The stand also has a traditional players tunnel in the center .
This is used for access to some of the facilities underneath the stand .
The East Stand is a two level development completed in 1993 .
This means a climb to the upper level seating area requires many more steps than a spectator may anticipate .
However several lifts are available .
The roof of the West Stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .
The East Stand is a two tier development completed in 1993 .
The Corner Stand was built in the summer of 1998 .
It is an unusual three level structure .
It provides further executive areas and disabled facilities for viewing an event .
Access to this area was also added into the neighbouring East Stand on several levels .
The spectator capacity of the structure is 202 .
In recent years Oakwell Stadium has rarely been used by anyone other than Barnsley FC .
The occasional celebrity charity football match has been played there .
Premier League side Manchester City used the stadium for their first qualifying round UEFA Cup game in July 2008 .
This was because the pitch at the City of Manchester Stadium was not ready for football games after the summer 's boxing and music concerts .
Lord Do n't Slow Me Down is a rockumentary film .
It looks back on British band Oasis ' Do n't Believe the Truth world tour .
The tour took place from May 2005 to March 2006 .
The world premiere of the film at the Directors Guild Theater in New York City on 4 November 2006 as part of the CMJ Film Festival .
It was a heavily edited version with about 40 minutes cut from the original 95 minute version .
They are distinguished by the presence of an eversible proboscis .
They are distinguished by the presence of an eversible proboscis which is used for catching prey .
He is a member of the Abu Dhabi Royal Family .
He is also the Minister of Presidential Affairs for the UAE .
The Group bought Manchester City Football Club .
The deal was announced on 1 September 2008 .
He is often called the Donald Trump of Abu Dhabi .
It takes its name from the street it was built on which also had a remarkable history .
The last match was played on 11 May 2003 .
The following season Manchester City moved to City of Manchester Stadium in east Manchester .
Maine Road was torn down in 2004 .
Maine Road was demolished in 2004 .
Plans to build Maine Road were first announced in May 1922 .
Hyde Road did not have room for expansion and had been damaged by fire in 1920 .
Many were disappointed when a site in south Manchester was chosen .
Stadium construction began late in 1922 .
Wembley had opened in London only a few months earlier .
Construction took 300 days .
Stadium construction commenced late in 1922 .
These categories replaced the old method of ranking stadiums as four or five star in 2006 .
The floodlights must light the pitch to an illuminance of at least 1400 lux towards fixed cameras .
These categories replaced the previous method of ranking stadiums as four or five star in 2006 .
Millard and Craig had been in another local band together before .
The project was meant to get young people off the streets by using music .
They first performed in 2000 .
It was named Best Single of 2005 by NME .
The band toured the United States .
The band became bothered by major label music business and being under contract were very lucky to be set free by 679 Recordings .
He also said that the band was close to splitting during the time after the second album was released .
They also announced three gigs in the UK followed by a full UK tour .
They are also strongly influenced by 1990 's singer Lou Bega .
Millard and Craig had been in another local band together previously .
The band became disillusioned with major label music business and being under contract were very lucky to be set free by 679 Recordings .
He also revealed that the band was close to splitting during the time after the second album was released .
They 're also strongly influenced by 1990 's singer Lou Bega .
The format of the competition was different from the previous event .
In that event the teams played each other twice instead of once before the final .
The tournament final of the tournament was predicted by some to be a close affair .
The British team was considered a small favorite after finishing at the top of the league table .
It was his first mainstream single in England for almost 17 years .
Astley was a special guest and performed a medley of his old hits before his new song .
Lights Out ' is a pop song performed by English singer Rick Astley .
It was his first mainstream single in the UK for nearly 17 years .
Rick was unveiled as a surprise special guest and performed a medley of his old hits before revealing his new song .
Key 103 is an independent local radio station that broadcasts to the city of Manchester and the north west of England .
It mostly plays current pop and dance music .
It used to be owned by Trans World Communications and EMAP .
Now it is owned by by Bauer Radio .
It is part of the company 's Big City Network of stations .
Key 103 is an Independent Local Radio station broadcasting to the city of Manchester and the north west of England .
Its output is principally contemporary pop and dance music .
JK And Joel 's Saturday Night Thing is voicetracked from Radio Aire in Leeds while The Big Top 40 Show is produced by Global Radio 's Capital FM in London for broadcast on 145 commercial radio stations in the UK .
This was to punish to Partizan for earlier crowd trouble .
Geronimo gained fame when she won the Star for a Night singing competition .
She established herself as a pop artist in the Philippines when she released her first album ' in 2003 .
Geronimo 's first performance was in a mall show when she was two years old .
She was also given the title of Pop Star Princess .
Geronimo became the featured artist in MTV 's Rising Star in September 2002 .
Maybe some people have high expectation on her but for me she 's good .
He was particularly astounded by Geronimo 's ability to not only learn a song quickly but to give it her own distinctive style .
It 's nevertheless heartening to hear Sarah spreading her musical wings by trying new types of songs that would n't have been considered in the lineup of her showy first albums .
Philstar News reported that Geronimo was the first Filipino to perform at the Harris Theater in Chicago .
De Walden again produced this album .
She was recognized for this accomplishment on the 2008 ASAP Platinum Circle Awards show .
The Philippine Daily Inquirer called the concert a qualified success .
Explosion protection is meant to protect buildings and other civil engineering objects against internal and external explosions .
This belief rested on the assumption that the blast load was fully beyond our control .
Prevention makes an explosion impossible to occur .
Structural control .
Structural control will limit structural damage from explosion pressure and flying debrisDraft final reports on World Trade Center .
Explosion protection is used to protect all sorts of buildings and civil engineering infrastructure against internal and external explosions or deflagrations .
Avoidance will make it impossible for an explosion to occur by means of keeping the concentration of flammable content of an atmosphere consistently below or above the explosive limit or by means of consistent elimination of ignition sources .
It is UEFA 's second level club football tournament .
It was their first UEFA Cup title .
The first qualifying games were played on 19 July 2007 .
The main tournament began on 20 September 2007 .
Each European football nation is represented by a different number of its clubs .
This number depends on the UEFA coefficients .
The trouble forced the match to be interrupted for 10 minutes .
The first qualifying games were played on 19 July 2007 and the main tournament commenced on 20 September 2007 .
The work was designed by Thomas Heatherwick .
It was taken apart in 2009 due to structural problems .
It was the tallest sculpture in the UK until the completion of Aspire in 2008 .
The sculpture took its name from a quotation of British sprinter Linford Christie .
The sculpture was commissioned in 2003 .
Construction went longer than planned and the official unveiling was delayed until 12 January 2005 .
The tip of one of the spikes came off and fell to the ground .
B of the Bang originally stood tall .
It had 180 hollow tapered steel columns or spikes coming out of a central core .
These connected to the spikes above the ground .
The sculpture weighed 165 tonnes .
This slowly develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements .
This layer prevents further corrosion by reducing its permeability to water .
At the time of construction a time capsule was placed in one of the spikes of the sculpture .
The location of the time capsule after being taken apart is currently unknown .
It stood at twice the height of the Angel of the North .
Angel of the North stands at .
It was designed to look like an exploding firework .
It was taller and leaned at a greater angle than the Leaning Tower of Pisa .
The design was selected by a panel consisting of both local residents and art experts via a competition in 2002 .
The sculpture was designed by Thomas Heatherwick .
It was dismantled in 2009 due to structural problems .
B of the Bang originally stood tall with 180 hollow tapered steel columns or spikes radiating from a central core .
This layer inhibits further corrosion by reducing its permeability to water .
The location of the time capsule after dismantling is currently unknown .
It was designed to look like an exploding firework and was taller and leaned at a greater angle than the Leaning Tower of Pisa .
The design was selected by a panel consisting of both local residents and art experts via a competition in 2002 and was designed by Thomas Heatherwick .
The town was founded in 1830 .
The Boolean satisfiability problem is a problem from math based logic .
It is important to know if no number exists for a given formula .
The formula is satisfiable in the first case .
It is called unsatisfiable in the second case .
Computer scientists usually call it SAT .
Complexity theory believes that the formula is in a special form .
It is known as conjunctive normal form .
Formulae that are in this form have clauses .
They are joined by logical and .
Each clause has several literals .
They are joined by logical or .
The problem may also have other names .
They depend on what the logical formula looks like .
They also depend on how many variables are used per clause .
The problem 3SAT uses three variables per clause .
They were defined by Richard Karp in 1972 .
The Boolean satisfiability problem is a problem from mathematical logic .
Computer scientists usually refer to it as SAT .
Complexity theory usually assumes that the formula is in a special form that is known as conjunctive normal form .
The Boolean satisfiability problem is a kind of problem .
It is from math based logic .
It is important to know if no number exists for a given formula to be true .
The formula is called satisfiable in the first case .
It is called unsatisfiable in the second case .
The form is known as conjunctive normal form .
A formula that is in this form has clauses .
Formulae are joined by a logical and .
They are joined by a logical or .
The names depend on what the logical formula looks like .
The names also depend on how many variables are used per clause .
The Boolean satisfiability problem is a problem from math based logic .
It is important to know if no number exists for a given formula .
The formula is satisfiable in the first case .
It is called unsatisfiable in the second case .
It is known as conjunctive normal form .
Formulae that are in this form have clauses .
They are joined by logical and .
They are joined by logical or .
They depend on what the logical formula looks like .
They also depend on how many variables are used per clause .
This problem is also known as Boolean or propositional satisfiability .
It is important to know if no number exists for a given formula to be true .
The problem is also known as Boolean or propositional satisfiability .
Complexity theory believes that the formula is in a special form .
The form is known as conjunctive normal form .
Huasos are found in central and southern Chile .
Huasos are found all over Central and Southern Chile while the Magellan Region sheep raisers are gauchos .
All services including dialysis and transplantation are provided free of charge .
All services including dialysis and transplantation are provided free of cost .
He was President of the country twice .
First from 1963 to 1971 and then from 1972 to 1975 .
Red Dead Redemption gives the player a big and open world environment .
Players may also fight enemies with firearms .
Different breeds of horses is how the player mainly gets around .
Players can also take part in many events they come across as they explore the world .
Red Dead Redemption makes use of a honesty system .
Different breeds of horses are the main forms of transportation .
It helped the release of the PlayStation 3 system .
The trailer was a tech demo of Rockstar Advanced Game Engine .
It was set in a western setting thought to as Old West Project and a sequel to Red Dead Revolver .
The game was shown on NASCAR driver Joey Logano 's number 20 Toyota Camry in the Nationwide Series running of the O'Reilly 300 .
It promoted the release of the PlayStation 3 system .
The trailer was a tech demo of Rockstar Advanced Game Engine set in a western setting thought to as Old West Project and a sequel to Red Dead Revolver .
The Golden Guns reward increases fame with each kill .
This allows users to progress much faster up the ladder of fame .
A limited edition version of Red Dead Redemption has been announced .
The game has been met with worldwide cheering .
As well as the purchase and takeovers by many companies .
These are reasons why creative teams often lose to keep the copyright and trademark rights of what they made .
This often makes attempts to make sequels for a product not possible for many reasons .
One of the reasons it the core of the studio being fired or taken over after finishing a project while the parent company keeps control of the copyrights and trademarks .
A good example of this strategy is Electronic Arts .
Easter Island also has a huge crater called Rano Kau at the edge of the island In the crater there is a natural lake and it is one of the only 3 bodies of fresh water on the island .
In recent times the island has served as a cautionary tale about the cultural and environmental dangers of overexploitation .
The population has declined steeply more than once .
The islanders have left a cultural legacy that has famous .
Oral tradition says that the first settlement was in Anakena .
The most visible part of the culture was the making of very large statues called moai that represented deified ancestors .
Winters are quite mild .
Cyclones and hurricanes do not occur around Easter Island .
In the crater there is a natural lake and it is one of the only 3 bodies of fresh water on the island .
In recent times the island has served as a cautionary tale about the cultural and environmental dangers of Overexploitation .
They have left a cultural legacy that has brought them fame disproportionate to their population .
According to oral tradition the first settlement was located in Anakena .
The most visible element in the culture was the production of massive statues called moai that represented deified ancestors .
Winters are relatively mild .
The town was named by Governor lachlan Macquarie in 1811 after a small village in Scotland where his wife was born .
The town was named by Governor Macquarie in 1811 after a small coastal village in Scotland where his wife was born .
The markets opened in 1822 and moved to their current home in 1900 .
The market hall has been extended several times and also incorporates an outdoor market .
It was founded in 1946 by Sir Ove Arup .
It has projects in more than 160 countries .
Projects have been undertaken in more than 160 countries .
Ove Arup set out to build a firm where professionals of diverse disciplines could work together to produce projects of greater quality than was achievable than by them working in isolation .
The firm is owned in trust for the benefit of its employees and independent of external investors .
This has enabled the practice to grow organically .
Lei Wulong is a character in the Tekken video game series .
He is a Five Form Kung Fu expert .
Lei is a Five Form Kung Fu expert from the Tekken video game series .
The records include Chris Boardman 's 1996 and 2000 hour records and the 4000 metre team pursuit record set by the Great Britain men 's team at the 2008 World Championships .
Its goal was to try and build on the success of the well attended events like the World Championships and World Cup Classics Meetings .
It was also to provide more regular events for fans to go to .
The series started with 4 events over the winter season and quickly built up good regular crowds .
Its goal was to try and build on the success of the well attended events like the World Championships and World Cup Classics Meetings and provide more regular events for fans to attend .
The series launched with 4 events over the winter season and quickly built up good regular crowds .
Many riders are attracted to these events as they enjoy racing in front of the vocal capacity crowds in Manchester .
Some riders have even choose to retire at Revolution events and were awarded with a retirement presentation .
Cycling shoes and helmets are also available for hire .
Great Britain 's recent successes mean that these sessions are very popular and need to be booked in advance .
These sessions give fans the chance to see exactly what it is like to ride the famous banking of the track .
Please see for details .
The Kippax was one of the most well known stands at Manchester City 's Maine Road Ground .
At the time it was the highest stand in the country .
The club left the Maine Road ground in 2003 and moved to the new City of Manchester Stadium .
The Kippax was one of the most well known and vocally active terraced stands at Manchester City 's Maine Road Ground .
Originally the Popular Stand its name was changed in 1957 .
Unofficially the East stand in the new stadium is also named Kippax .
The competition tries to determine which national women 's team is the best in Europe .
Germany won the competition for the fourth consecutive tournament .
The competition aims to determine which national women 's team is the best in Europe .
The England women 's national football team plays for England in international women 's football .
The side has been quite successful of late .
The England women 's national football team represents England in international women 's football .
He became a life peer in 2000 .
He is the head of the London bid to host the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Coe won four Olympic medals and set eight outdoor and three indoor world records in middle distance track events .
Coe also participated in a world record relay .
He attended TaptonDaily Telegraph article and Abbeydale Grange schools .
Coe studied economics and social history at Loughborough University .
It was at Loughborough University that he met athletics coach George Gandy who had made revolutionary conditioning exercise to improve Coe 's running .
A few weeks later Coe was to get the UK record again .
This ranked him second in the World for that year .
It was at Loughborough University that he met athletics coach George Gandy who had developed revolutionary conditioning exercise to improve Coe 's running .
The writing should have been on the wall at this stage for the rest of the world 's top milers the following summer .
Coe has often said that London 2012 is not only about five weeks of summer sport but about encouraging more people to take up sport at all levels of competition .
It is widely felt that Coe could be a future President of the IOC .
He was considered a possible Conservative candidate for the 2008 London Mayoral election .
The commission will judge all cases alleging conflicts of interest and breaches of Fifa rules .
His appointment makes him one of the most senior Englishmen to work for FIFA .
He stood down from this post to join the committee bidding to bring the 2018 World Cup to England .
He has supported London athletic events like the London 10K of Nike and the British 10K charity race .
As a student in Loughborough in the late 1970s Coe lived in Coe Avenue .
He was a model for menswear retailer Horne Bros.
Theme restaurants are restaurants in which the idea for the restaurant takes priority over everything else .
The food usually takes a backseat to the presentation of the theme .
These restaurants generally attract customers only because of the theme itself .
One example is the Rainforest Cafe restaurants which have the obvious theme of a Tropical Rainforest .
It shows the insides of a toilet .
Many people consider the Rainforest Cafe to be biggest example of a theme restaurant .
They also consider it the restaurant which kicked off the theme restaurant trend .
The focus is not necessarily placed on good food and service .
The popular Rainforest Cafe restaurants have the obvious theme of a Tropical Rainforest .
Almost all of his restaurants were in Southern California .
Martin Laing determined that the company should begin to diversify .
It underwent yet another change when Sir Martin Laing retired in early 2002 .
For the first time in its history Laing did not have a member of the founding family at the head of the company .
In 2008 Laing Rail was sold to Deutsche Bahn .
In 2008 Laing Rail was taken over by Deutsche Bahn .
The business started in 1848 .
One of these houses was kept by the Laing Family to live in .
John began to take larger contracts but kept the business in the Carlisle area .
They gained contracts for power stations .
They also worked on road construction while continuing to build houses .
John began to undertake larger contracts but confined the business to the Carlisle area .
He is known for innovative use of engineering and materials in public monuments and sculptures .
Heatherwick is a Senior Fellow and external examiner at the Royal College of Art .
He is a fellow of the Royal Academy and was recently chosen to become a Royal Designer for Industry .
Safety problems happened soon after it was completed in 2004 when one spike came apart .
Eventually 22 more were removed as a safety measure .
The object was rewelded and fenced off .
It continued to cause concern and debate over its future .
Safety problems emerged soon after it was completed in 2004 when one spike was dislodged and eventually 22 more were removed as a safety measure .
They are angled to allow light and air in .
The angle of the slats may be adjusted .
They were put in large kitchens to allow ventilation while keeping out rain and snow .
They were originally rather rough constructions consisting only of a barrel .
Later they became more elaborate designs made of pottery .
They took the shape of faces where the smoke and steam from cooking would pour out through the eyes and mouth .
Such louvers may be put in between two panes of double glazing .
Louvers are rarely seen as primary design elements in the language of modern architecture .
They are rather simply a technical device .
Some are fixed and some are moveable .
They were originally rather crude constructions consisting merely of a barrel .
Such louvers may be integrated in between two panes of double glazing .
It is meant to be the same size as the larger casinos in Las Vegas .
The first Regional Casino was proposed to be in the City of Manchester .
This was stopped by the UK government soon after Gordon Brown became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
Both of them were thought of as the favorites .
This brought the number of potential venues down to seven .
It was originally named the Institute of British Architects in London and formed in 1834 .
Accessed 24 April 2010 .
Accessed 24 April 2010 .
The Library also has portraits and architectural models .
Accessed 24 April 2010 .
Accessed 24 April 2010 .
Accessed 24 April 2010 .
Both spaces were designed by Gareth Hoskins Architects .
Current exhibitions .
Royal Institute of British Architects .
Accessed 15 February 2010 .
The RIBA National Award and the RIBA International Award were established in 2007 .
Riba calls for minimum space standards .
Accessed 15 February 2010 via the Internet Archive .
The award was given for having and keeping high race safety and medical facilities .
The track was designed by German architect Hermann Tilke .
Tilke also designed the Sepang circuit in Malaysia .
The track had a special problem .
The track was located in the middle of a desert .
There were concerns that sand would blow onto the track and disrupt the race .
The surface of the track has a high level of grip .
The same surface is used at the Yas Marina Circuit for the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix .
The first Formula BMW World Final took place in Bahrain .
Every year there is the 24 Hours of Bahrain race .
The Bahrain Grand Prix is usually the third race on the Formula One schedule .
The Australian Grand Prix date was changed to avoid interfering with the Commonwealth Games .
The circuit posed a unique problem .
The surface of the track highly acclaimed for the high level of grip it offers .
The same aggregate material is used at the Yas Marina Circuit for the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix .
The first ever Formula BMW World Final took place in Bahrain .
Also every year there is the traditional 24 Hours of Bahrain .
The body was added later .
The Hellenistic marble known as the Medusa Rondanini illustrates the Gorgon 's eventual change into a beautiful woman .
The Hellenistic marble known as the Medusa Rondanini illustrates the Gorgon 's eventual transformation into a beautiful woman .
These can be seen on the Alexander Mosaic and the Gonzaga Cameo .
The direct frontal stare was highly unusual in ancient Greek art .
The Hellenistic marble known as the Medusa Rondanini shows how the Gorgon changed over time into a beautiful woman .
The Hellenistic marble known as the Medusa Rondanini illustrates the Gorgon 's eventual change into a beautiful woman .
Gorgoneia are first seen in Greek art at the beginning of the 8th century BC .
One of the earliest is on a coin found during excavations at Parium .
Gorgoneia first appear in Greek art at the turn of the 8th century BC .
One of the earliest representations is on an electrum stater discovered during excavations at Parium .
The image was used in the West by the Italian Renaissance artists .
Gimbutas says the gorgoneia are part of of the Mother Goddess cult linked to dynamic life energy .
She said the gorgoneion is a typical European image .
She defined the gorgoneion as a quintessentially European image .
One of the earliest is on a coin found during an archaelogical dig at Parium .
The image was used in Western Europe by the Italian Renaissance artists .
One of the earliest is on a coin found during excavations at Parium .
The image was used in the West by the Italian Renaissance artists .
Coubet 's other important painting that was shown at the Salon of 1850 was a scene of life at his village .
The famous artist Jacques Louis David had once painted a very large picture in the same way .
David 's picture was of the Coronation of Napoleon and showed all the people who were present .
Some people praised The Funeral at Ornans but other people were very angry about it .
Some of the critics said that Courbet was deliberately trying to paint ugliness .
Many people came to see the picture and like the new Realist way of painting .
Courbet became a celebrity .
People who had attended the funeral were used as models for the painting .
The critics accused Courbet of a deliberate pursuit of ugliness .
His familiar visage was the object of frequent caricature in the popular French press .
Courbet then painted another huge picture .
This painting is called The Artist 's Studio and about seven years in his life as a painter .
All around Courbet are his friends and people from his village .
His mother stands to one side of the picture .
Another woman is sitting on the floor feeding her baby .
Thw two biggest paintings and another one were sent away because there was not enough room .
Courbet was angry .
In 1857 Courbet showed six pictures in the Salon exhibition .
One was a hunting scene and one was a picture of two prostitutes lying under a tree on the banks of the River Seine in Paris .
Many people came to see the exhibition and to buy his paintings .
The hunting scenes were very popular for decorating the halls and dining rooms of large houses .
This painting was not show in a public exhibition until 1988 .
By the 1870s Courbet was thought of as one of the leading artists in France .
Courbet became involved in the political problems .
He was put in prison for six months .
He did not have enough money so left France to live in Switzerland .
In the Salon of 1857 Courbet showed six paintings .
By the 1870s Courbet had become well established as one of the leading artists in France .
However when the power shifted back to the old guard Courbet found himself in an untenable political position .
The bronze plates were preserved .
He took refuge in Switzerland to avoid bankruptcy .
The next years he participated quite actively in some regional and national exhibitions .
Courbet was admired by many younger artists .
Historia de un cuadro de Gustave Courbet .
He said that the east coast was now British territory in the name of King George III .
Possession Island is located at the center of the Possession Island National Park .
It is looked after by the Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service .
He said that the east coast was now British territory under the control of King George III .
He said that the east coast was now British territory in the name of King George III .
Martin Gardner 's columns from Scientific American are printed in 15 books .
Don Knuth calls these books the Canon .
Mathematicians wrote this book to thank Gardner when he retired from writing his Scientific American column in 1981 .
Important mathematicians submitted papers for this book .
This shows Gardner 's importance .
These books are not listed here .
They often write custom diets for people .
In a medical setting they can give food supplements for those people who ca n't get what they need because of swallowing problems .
They often prepare custom diets for people .
In a medical setting they can provide nutrition supplements for those who ca n't get what they need because of swallowing problems .
The title nutritionist can be used without having the qualifications of registered dietitians .
There are different names for dietitians in all countries .
It is now a part of the Croajingolong National Park .
The spelling Hicks is now in use for the point .
When George Bass sailed past the area at the end of 1797 he did not locate the point .
The point came to be known as Cape Everard .
The first use of that name is said to be by hydrographer John Lort Stokes who surveyed the coast in the Beagle in 1843 .
The name Cape Everard was used until 1970 .
There has been doubt and arguments about exactly what Cook saw .
Point Hicks was renamed as part of Cook 's bicentenary .
It was built from concrete and with timber keepers quarters .
The keepers ' cottages are today used as holiday houses .
The point instead came to be known as Cape Everard .
The first use of that name is attributed to hydrographer John Lort Stokes who surveyed the coast in the Beagle in 1843 .
It 's presumed he named it after fellow naval officer John Everard Home .
The keepers ' cottages are today let as holiday houses .
It was built from concrete and with wooden lighthouse keepers houses .
It was built from concrete and with timber keepers quarters .
It opened on 21 August 2005 .
It has been called the best race track in the world by Formula One leader Bernie Ecclestone .
Istanbul Park is located in Pendik district on the Asian side of Istanbul .
It is in an area with a lot of trees and fields .
The main straight is over in length .
The track has 14 corners .
Istanbul Park were designed by the racetrack architect Hermann Tilke .
The track does have some critics .
Jarno Trulli did not think the track as hard enough to challange the drivers .
It was inaugurated on 21 August 2005 .
It has been called the best race track in the world by Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone .
The total race distance of the Turkish Grand Prix is over 58 laps .
Turn 8 particularly caught the imagination .
This corner has been nicknamed by some as the Turkish Corkscrew in reference to the famous Corkscrew at Laguna Seca .
Both the 2006 F1 and MotoGP races at the circuit featured multiple incidents at this corner .
However he raced his way back through the pack with some spectacular overtaking moves to finish in second .
William Henry Harrison and James Garfield are often not ranked because they both died shortly after becoming presidents .
William Henry Harrison and James Garfield are sometimes not ranked because they both died shortly after becoming presidents .
The Reconstruction was after the American Civil War .
It was the remaking of the South .
This is where slaverywas .
Many members of the Republican Party wanted to the South as much as possible for the war .
This made segregation .
Segregation then makes it very hard for black people to vote .
It also made the Ku Klux Klan to keep black people from having any kind of political and economic power .
The Reconstruction the United States ended in 1877 .
The Republican Party then got very weak in the South for about 80 years .
The Reconstruction era of the United States was after the American Civil War .
He got to the final where he placed 13th out of 25 entries scoring 72 points .
Milan came 13th place with 72 points .
This style made many songs popular .
Jolson influenced many famous singers .
Dylan said Jolson was somebody whose life I can feel .
Jolson was America 's most famous and highest paid entertainer in the 1930s .
He is considered the first openly Jewish man to become an entertainment star in America .
So he made many songs popular .
His specialty was building stage runways extending out into the audience .
He starred in many other musical movies in the 1930s .
Again in 1950 became the first star to perform for GIs in Korea .
He did 42 shows in 16 days .
He sometimes performed in blackface makeup .
He starred in a series of successful musical films throughout the 1930s .
Larry Parks played Jolson with the songs dubbed in with Jolson 's real voice .
Lee went to night school at Dongji Commercial High School .
This killed 40 men .
They are thought to be dead .
An investigation into the sinking said that a torpedo fired by a North Korean submarine had sunk ship .
Lee has been criticized for not giving enough political freedom to the people .
Lee attended night school at Dongji Commercial High School .
An investigation into the sinking said that a torpedo fired by a North Korean submarine had sunk the ship .
An investigation into the sinking blamed North Korea .
They said that a torpedo fired by a North Korean submarine had sunk the ship .
North Korea said it had nothing to do with the Cheonan 's sinking .
They said they were not guilty .
Lee said their denial was laughable .
He stopped all trade between the north and south .
He also asked the United Nations to help them against North Korea .
He also began sending radio messages to North Korean people .
An investigation into the sinking said that a torpedo fired by a North Korean submarine had sunk ship .
Lee firmly stopped all trade between the north and south .
He also asked that the United Nations help them against North Korea .
The park includes much of the Snowy River .
The teams left Metropolitan Stadium in 1982 .
A plaque in the amusement park is located where home plate used to be in that stadium .
There have been some suicides at the Mall .
The teams left Met Stadium in 1982 .
A plaque in the amusement park commemorates the former location of home plate .
There have been occasional suicides at the Mall .
There have been some suicides at the Mall .
The body goes through ketosis when there is n't enough carbohydrate to refill glycogen in the liver .
It is made by putting a clay pot inside a larger clay pot with wet sand in between the pots and a wet cloth on top .
Evaporative coolers perform poorly or not at all in climates with high humidity .
It is constructed by placing a clay pot within a larger clay pot with wet sand in between the pots and a wet cloth on top .
Evaporative coolers tend to perform poorly or not at all in climates with high ambient humidity .
Digital rights are the rights of people regarding what they can do with their computer .
Very often the word is used when referring to computer networks such as the Internet .
Digital rights is the rights of people regarding what they can do with their computer or media player .
Very often the term is used when referring to computer networks such as the Internet .
Schuman was also an independent political thinker and activist .
A vuvuzela is a blowing horn used in soccer games in South Africa .
A fan of the Kaizer Chiefs FC named Freddie Saddam Maake says that he invented the vuvuzela .
Vuvuzelas unplugged for some Sport24 .
After the World Cup 2010 vuvuzelas started to be banned in other countries .
A vuvuzela is a blowing horn used in soccer plays in South Africa .
A fan of the Kaizer Chiefs FC named Freddie Saddam Maake claimed to have invented the vuvuzela .
He became known as a teacher and his output as a composer was good .
He died at the very young age of 35 .
Gigout 's works are now available on many commercial recordings .
He became widely known as a teacher and his output as a composer was considerable .
Gigout 's works are now available on several commercial recordings .
It is also shown in Tap Tap Revenge 3 on the iPhone and iPod Touch as a downloadable double song pack with Audience of One .
The song was also shown in 2009 action movie 12 Rounds .
It is also featured in Tap Tap Revenge 3 on iPhone and iPod Touch as a downloadable double song pack with Audience of One .
The song featured in 2009 action movie 12 Rounds .
The video was made in 2006 .
It is about pollution and its effects on the environment .
The video is 3 minutes and 52 seconds long .
This is from many environmental dangers made by humans .
There was also a version played on television .
There are also ones that are more graphic .
This was never really released .
But it is available on some websites .
The video serves a to veganism .
This was never released officially but is available on certain websites .
The video serves a testimony to veganism .
The song got to number 13 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart .
The song reached number 13 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart .
Mimosoideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant family Fabaceae .
Members of this family usually have flowers with small petals and many stamens .
Mimosoideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant are family Fabaceae characterized by flowers with small petals and numerous prominent stamens .
Rhine Research Center A historical parapsychological research center showing the first building ever made for experimental work in parapsychology .
The Rhine Research Center is a main place for research and education in Parapsychology .
Rhine Research Center A historical parapsychological research center featuring the first building ever made for experimental work in parapsychology .
The Rhine Research Center is a hub for research and education in Parapsychology .
It hardly ever happens and does not last very long .
OBEs happen most when you are waking up or going to sleep .
They can happen if you nearly die too .
Most people can see two kinds of place when they have an OBE .
Locale 1 places look like ordinary places in the world .
It hardly ever happens and does n't last very long .
There are two kinds of place that most people see when they have an OBE .
Locale 1 places seem a lot like ordinary places in the world .
He also stopped Nubian revolts and ran a campaign in Libya .
A flight of steps cut out of the rock makes it possible to go to the antechamber .
He also suppressed Nubian revolts and carried out a campaign in Libya .
A flight of steps cut out of the rock gives access to the antechamber .
The Ballonmuseum Gersthofen was started in 1985 on appr .
The Ballonmuseum Gersthofen was established in 1985 on appr .
The Governor of New South Wales is the oldest political office Australia .
Captain Arthur Phillip became the first Governor of New South Wales on 7 February 1788 .
The Colony of New South Wales was the first British settlement in Australia .
The first governors held an almost autocratic power due to the distance from and poor communications with Great Britain .
This was an early attempt at federalism imposed by Earl Grey .
The first governors had almost autocratic powers due to the distance from and poor communications with Great Britain .
The first governors held an almost autocratic power due to the distance from and poor communications with Great Britain .
This was an early attempt at federalism imposed by Earl Grey .
See Governors of the Australian states for a description and history of the office of Governor .
The Governor 's office is now in the historic Chief Secretary 's Building at 121 Macquarie Street .
This indicates how well the kidneys are performing .
The test involves taking blood from a person 's veins .
The most common locations are the vein in the elbow and the veins on the back of the hands .
People usually feel a sharp stinging pain when the needle enters their skin .
After the blood is drawn out it is sent to a medical laboratory where a laboratory technician calculates the GFR .
The basis for this estimate is a chemical in the blood called creatinine .
Getting an exact measurement involves additional tests and special equipment .
A final diagnosis of kidney disease may sometimes be made by a pathologist using tests such as a kidney biopsy .
There are some slight risks when this test is done .
There are many functions that make up the GFR .
This indicates how well the filteration of the kidneys is performing .
The test involves drawing blood from a vein .
People usually feel a sharp sting when the needle enters their skin .
After the blood is drawn it is sent to the medical laboratory where the technician figures out the GFR .
Getting an exact measurement involves additional tests and special equipment used by pathologists .
A final diagnosis of kidney disease will be made by a pathologist following tests such as a kidney biopsy .
There are some small risks when this test is done .
There are many functions that make up the glomerular filtration rate .
It is also one of the largest in the United States .
The Brooklyn Museum is one of the best of art museums in the world .
Some of these pieces of art are from as long ago as ancient Egypt while others are very recent .
The Brooklyn Museum was founded by Augustus Graham in 1897 .
The building is a steel frame structure .
It is near Brooklyn 's Prospect Park .
The Brooklyn Museum was started by Augustus Graham in 1897 .
He was one of the youngest directors in the country .
Buechner made a large change in the way the museum displayed the art art .
Also one thousand pieces of art that had been in the museum 's archives were put back on display .
The Brooklyn Museum was founded by Augustus Graham in 1897 .
The building is a steel frame structure .
Buechner oversaw a major transformation in the way the museum displayed art and brought some one thousand works that had been languishing in the museum 's archives and put them on display .
Buechner played a pivotal role in rescuing the Daniel Chester French sculptures from destruction due to an expansion project at the Manhattan Bridge in the 1960s .
Major benefactors include Frank Lusk Babbott .
The fake artworks have been displayed since 2009 .
The Brooklyn Museum exhibits collections that seek to embody the rich artistic heritage of world cultures .
The fake artworks will be displayed in an exhibition starting in 2009 .
Extra time is an additional period of time added to a game if the score is tied at the end of normal time .
Some sports do not allow some of all of their games to end in a tie .
Extra time is an additional period played in some sports if the score is tied at the end of normal time .
She lived during the 4th dynasty of Egypt .
Sovacool 's research interests include energy policy and environmental issues .
He has published more than 90 academic papers in journals like The Electricity Journal and Energy Policy .
He has published more than 90 academic papers and is a regular contributor to The Electricity Journal and Energy Policy .
The peace treaty was recorded in two versions .
This treaty is considered of such importance in the field of international relations that a reproduction hangs in the United Nations headquarters .
This treaty is considered of such importance in the field of international relations that a reproduction of it hangs in the United Nations headquarters .
Agreeing a form of words .
Signing the document .
Processes for solving future disputes .
What to do with refugees .
Settling existing debts .
They have also been shown to help people to stop smoking .
They are good at treating uncommon depressions and have also shown to help people to stop smoking .
They have also been shown to help people to stop smoking .
Google Wave is an internet application made by Google .
Google describes Wave as an application which lets you communicate and collaborate in real time .
This makes Internet explorer behave like Google Chrome on the Wave website .
To use Wave you must have a Google account .
Google Wave is Google 's latest product .
It is used for discussions among groups .
Users can sign up using their Gmail account .
She was the only female squash player to have done this until in 2007 .
This was when Raneem El Weleily won her second World Junior Championship .
In April 2007 she finally lost to Natalie Grinham in the final of the 2007 Seoul Open .
The UK 's constitution is not written in one single like many other countries ' are .
The UK 's constitution is not written in one single like in many other country 's are .
It exists in certain written laws beginning with Magna Carta of 1215 through to the Bill of Rights Act 1689 and also in more modern Acts of Partliament .
She is the first woman to become Prime Minister of Australia .
Gillard became the leader of the Australian Labor Party at its leadership election on 24 June 2010 .
On 11 December 2007 she became the first woman in Australia 's history to be in the prime ministerial role when she became acting prime minister while Kevin Rudd went to the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Bali .
This set up a single industrial relations bureaucracy called Fair Work Australia .
This would decide who was the leader of the Labor Party and therefore the Prime Minister of Australia .
At first Rudd said he would challenge Gillard at the meeting .
She won the election unopposed .
She does not support gay marriage .
Gillard became the leader of the Australian Labor Party at its leadership election on 24 June 2010 and was sworn in as prime minister later that day .
This established a single industrial relations bureaucracy called Fair Work Australia .
Rudd initially said he would challenge Gillard at the caucus .
She thus won the election unopposed .
She does not support the legalisation of gay marriage .
She is also Australia 's first unmarried prime minister .
Gillard became the leader of the Australian Labor Party on 24 June 2010 when Kevin Rudd resigned .
She had been Deputy Prime Minister under Kevin Rudd .
This allowed Beazley to be elected unopposed .
Gillard became the leader of the Australian Labor Party at its leadership election on 24 June 2010 .
She previously served as Deputy Prime Minister under Kevin Rudd .
She studied at the University of Adelaide but cut short her courses in 1982 and moved to Melbourne to work with the Australian Union of Students .
She then studied at the University of Adelaide but cut short her courses in 1982 and moved to Melbourne to work with the Australian Union of Students .
This would decide who was to be the leader of the Labor Party and therefore the Prime Minister of Australia .
She lives in the south western Melbourne suburb of Altona and is a public supporter of the Western Bulldogs Australian Rules Football club .
This would decide who was the leader of the Labor Party and therefore the Prime Minister of Australia .
She lives in the south western Melbourne suburb of Altona and is a public supporter of the Western Bulldogs Australian football club .
The enterprise remained on the family 's property for 33 years .
They remained in the family for 33 years .
He was given a prize for this book at the 1876 Philadelphia Exposition .
He was awarded a prize for this book at the 1876 Philadelphia Exposition .
In 2008 it changed the way it organized its courses .
This to be like way American and European universities work .
Women were let into courses in 1881 .
This was copied from the way American and European universities work .
There are some complex and flexible life cycles with different forms of parthenogenetic reproduction .
Together they make up the taxon Scalidophora .
There are some complex and plastic life cycles with different forms of parthenogenetic reproduction .
Their closest relatives are thought to be the Kinorhyncha and Priapulida with which they constitute the taxon Scalidophora .
Its huge salt content prevents the waters mixing .
L'Atalante is only one of several such lakes underneath the normal waters of the Mediterranean .
Princeton University Press .
Only the inflow of Atlantic water maintains the present Mediterranean level .
Oasis in space .
Earth history from the beginning .
They were formed by salt deposits dissolving out of the Mediterranean Ridge and collecting in deep depressions at the bottom of the Med .
L'Atalante basin is a hypersaline brine lake at the bottom of the Mediterranean Sea about west of the island of Crete .
They were formed by salt deposits dissolving out of the Mediterranean Ridge and collecting in abyssal depressions about deep .
Its surface begins at about below sea level .
The basin 's water is completely anoxic .
This means that it has no oxygen .
The basin 's water is completely anoxic .
This means that it has no oxygen .
It can be music that does not sound like mainstream rock or country .
This was called the cowpunk scene .
It had bands like Jason and the Scorchers .
Many people think it was the first alternative country album .
A magazine called No Depression later came out that was written about alternative country .
The magazine was named after Uncle Tupelo 's album .
The band made three more important albums and joined a big record label .
The band broke up in 1994 .
They played a type of alternative country called insurgent country .
The Constitution of Australia is the law under which the Australian Commonwealth Government operates .
The Constitution of Australia is the supreme law under which the Australian Commonwealth Government operates .
It made up of several documents .
The Australian government wanted to keep the copy .
Part II of Chapter 1 is about the Senate .
Part III of Chapter 1 is about the House of Representatives .
Part V of Chapter 1 is about the powers of the parliament .
Chapter V sets out how what the States can do in a federal system .
Section 111 says that a State can give up any part of its lands to the Commonwealth .
This has happened several times .
South Australia gave the Northern Territory to the Commonwealth .
Section 114 stops any state from having its own military force .
It also stops the State or the Commonwealth from taxing each other 's property .
Chapter VIII sets out how the Constitution can be changed .
Section 128 says that changes must be approved by a referendum .
The constitution does not talk about a Prime Minister of Australia .
This position began as the head of the cabinet .
It consists of several documents .
Part II of this chapter deals with the Senate .
Part III deals with the House of Representatives .
Part V deals with the powers of the parliament .
Chapter V contains provisions dealing with the States and their role under the federal system .
Section 111 provides that a State can surrender any part of the State to the Commonwealth .
Chapter VIII specifies the procedures for amending the Constitution .
Section 128 provides that constitutional amendments must be approved by a referendum .
The Constitution of Australia is the law which set up the Australian Commonwealth Government .
It is made up of several documents .
Other laws have constitutional importance for Australia .
The history of the Constitution of Australia began with moves towards federation in the 19th century .
This lead to the federation of the Australian colonies to form the Commonwealth of Australia in 1901 .
One result of these two laws is that Australia is now a fully independent country .
Sections 1 8 cover clauses outlining the laws to set up the Commonwealth .
Section 52 deals with powers that only the Commonwealth parliament has .
States can not make laws on these subjects .
Section 81 says that all Commonwealth revenue shall form the Consolidated Revenue Fund .
Section 127 first said that Aborigines can not be counted in any Commonwealth or State census .
This section was changed in 1967 .
These have developed over the years and define how various constitutional mechanisms work in practice .
The constitution does include a Prime Minister of Australia .
These would be protected by the Parliamentary system and independent judiciary which the Constitution would create .
Right to freedom of religion Section 116 creates a limited right to freedom of religion .
Constitution Day was first held on 9 July 2000 to mark the centenary of the Constitution as part of the Centenary of Federation .
The celebrations were not big and have not been widely held after 2001 .
The Constitution of Australia is the law under which the Australian Commonwealth Government operates .
It made up of several documents .
Other pieces of legislation have constitutional significance for Australia .
Sections 1 8 cover clauses outlining the legal procedures for the establishment of the Commonwealth .
Section 52 deals with powers exclusively vested in the Commonwealth parliament .
States can not legislate on these subjects .
Section 81 prescribes that all Commonwealth revenue shall form the Consolidated Revenue Fund .
Section 127 previously provided that Aborigines can not be counted in any Commonwealth or State census .
This section was repealed in 1967 .
The constitution does not talk about a Prime Minister of Australia .
The Constitution of Australia is the law which sets out the way the Australian Commonwealth Government is to work .
It was signed by Queen Victoria on 9 July 1900 .
Two other laws have constitutional importance for Australia .
This cooperation led to proposals to join the colonies together in a single federation .
The push bto do this was mainly coming from Britain and there was little local support .
Victoria and New South Wales did not agree about the need to protect local industry as opposed to allowing everyone to trade freely .
These meetings did not have popular support .
The Chief Justices of the colonies wanted the right to appeal decisions of the High Court to the Privy Council on constitutional matters .
They were worried that the limits of the powers of the Commonwealth or States could be changed by parliament .
The use of these powers is by convention .
The Commander in chief of the Australian Defence Force is now Her Excellency Quentin Bryce as the Governor General of Australia .
The Queen of Australia is not in command of the military .
Such courts are called Chapter III Courts are the only courts that can use federal judicial power .
Retirement of Judges changed Section 72 make judges retire at age 70 federal courts .
The Constitution of Australia is the law which set up the Australian Commonwealth Government .
Other laws have constitutional importance for Australia .
The Commander in chief of the Australian Defence Force is therefore currently Her Excellency Quentin Bryce as the Governor General of Australia whilst the Queen of Australia is not in command of the military .
Such courts are called Chapter III Courts are the only courts that can exercise federal judicial power .
Retirement of Judges amended Section 72 to create a retirement age of 70 for judges in federal courts .
Section 1 provides that legislative power is given to the Parliament .
It is the most powerful part of government .
The number of electorates in a State is to be based on its share of the national population .
Section 52 deals with powers that belong only to the Commonwealth parliament .
Section 71 gives judicial power in a Federal Supreme Court to be called the High Court of Australia .
The Parliament can also make new federal courts or give other courts federal powers .
Section 74 explains how an appeal can be made to the Queen in Council .
Section 79 allows Parliament to limit the number of judges able to exercise federal jurisdiction and section 80 guarantees trial by jury for indictable offences against the Commonwealth .
Section 123 requires that changing the boundaries of a State needs the consent of the Parliament of that State and approval by referendum in that State .
No new states have joined the Commonwealth since federation .
Section 52 deals with powers that only the Commonwealth parliament has .
Section 74 provides for the circumstances in which an appeal can be made to the Queen in Council .
Section 79 allows Parliament to prescribe the number of judges able to exercise federal jurisdiction and section 80 guarantees trial by jury for indictable offences against the Commonwealth .
Chapter VI allows for the establishment or admission of new states .
Section 123 requires that changing the boundaries of a State requires the consent of the Parliament of that State and approval by referendum in that State .
No new states have been admitted to the Commonwealth since federation .
The Constitution of Australia is the law that sets out the way the Australian Commonwealth Government is to work .
Queen Victoria signed it on 9 July 1900 .
This led to the Australian colonies joining together to form the Commonwealth of Australia in 1901 .
The push to do this was mainly coming from Britain and there was little local support .
By the 1880s there was fear of the growing presence of the Germans and the French in the Pacific .
These were attended by colonial leaders .
Most of the discussion was about how this federal system would work .
Five colonies passed the Bill that was then sent to the Westminster Parliament with a letter requesting the Queen to make it into law .
The Constitution of Australia is the law which sets out the way the Australian Commonwealth Government is to work .
It was signed by Queen Victoria on 9 July 1900 .
This lead to the federation of the Australian colonies to form the Commonwealth of Australia in 1901 .
The push bto do this was mainly coming from Britain and there was little local support .
The British government made one change before the Bill was passed .
The British Parliament passed the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act in 1900 .
Sections 1 8 are parts outlining the laws to set up the Commonwealth .
Section 1 provides that legislative power belongs to the Parliament .
Sections 1 8 cover clauses outlining the laws to set up the Commonwealth .
Section 1 provides that legislative power is given to the Parliament .
Eight have been approved .
The following is a list of changes which have been approved .
The following is a list of amendments which have been approved .
The following is a list of changes that have been approved .
Retirement of Judges changed Section 72 to make judges retire at age 70 federal courts .
There have been some calls to add one to express the spirit and aspirations embodied in the constitution .
The following is a list of changes which have been approved .
Retirement of Judges changed Section 72 make judges retire at age 70 federal courts .
There have been some calls for the insertion of such a section to express the spirit and aspirations embodied in the constitution .
The change means a new Senator has to be from the same party as the old one .
There have been many people who have wanted Australia to become a republic .
Opinion poll results said that the majority of Australians are in favor of some form of a republic .
Many voters who voted against the 1999 referendum wanted to be able to vote for a President .
This was despite opinion poll results suggesting that the majority of Australians are in favor of some form of a republic .
The draft of 1891 was given to colonial parliaments but was not supported by New South Wales .
Section 122 allows the Parliament to provide for the representation in Parliament of any new territory .
Section 123 says that changing the boundaries of a State needs the support of the Parliament of that State and must pass a referendum in that State .
Section 123 requires that changing the boundaries of a State needs the consent of the Parliament of that State and approval by referendum in that State .
The Constitution of Australia is the laws that set up the Australian Commonwealth Government and the way it works .
The Constitution became law on 1 January 1901 .
Now only the Australian people can change it by referendum .
Two other laws support the Australian Constitution .
This led to the Australian colonies joining together to form the Commonwealth of Australian 1901 .
This cooperation led to plans to join the colonies together in a single federation .
By the 1880s Australians were worried about the growing presence of the Germans and the French in the Pacific .
This law stopped the British Parliament 's power to make laws over Australian states .
It also stopped appeals from the Australian courts to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council .
Sections 1 8 are explain the laws to set up the Commonwealth .
Chapter I sets up the Parliament of Australia .
Section 1 says that legislative power belongs to the Parliament .
Section 96 gives the Commonwealth power to give money to States on such terms and conditions as the Parliament thinks fit .
This makes it the new law and the wording of the Constitution will be changed .
The Constitution of Australia is the law that sets out the way the Australian Commonwealth Government is to work .
The Constitution came into force on 1 January 1901 .
Two other laws have constitutional importance for Australia .
This led to the Australian colonies joining together to form the Commonwealth of Australia in 1901 .
This cooperation led to proposals to join the colonies together in a single federation .
By the 1880s there was fear of the growing presence of the Germans and the French in the Pacific .
Sections 1 8 are parts outlining the laws to set up the Commonwealth .
Section 1 provides that legislative power belongs to the Parliament .
Section 96 gives the Commonwealth power to make grants to States on such terms and conditions as the Parliament thinks fit .
Auld was selected in the 2nd Round of the 1999 NHL Entry Draft by the Florida Panthers .
He was selected in the 2nd Round of the 1999 NHL Entry Draft by the Florida Panthers .
Food poisoning is when someone gets sick from eating food or drink that has gone bad or is contaminated .
Food infection is when the food contains bacteria or other microbes which infect the body after it is eaten .
Symptoms start many hours to many days after eating .
Food infection refers to the presence of infect the body after consumption .
Badwater Basin has a small natural pool of bad water next to the road .
The water comes from a spring .
It is called Badwater because people can not drink the water .
This is because so much salt has built up from the basin .
These cycles push the thin salt crust into honeycomb shapes that are like hexagons .
The pool is not actually the lowest point of the basin .
They cover the salt pan with a thin sheet of standing water .
The wet times with much rain did not last .
The wet times did not last as the climate warmed and rainfall declined .
The lake began to dry up and minerals dissolved in the lake became increasingly concentrated as water evaporated .
Cinchona pubescens is known for because its bark has a lot of quinine .
It grows to about 10 metres in height .
Planted on other tropical islands it has become an invasive species .
Other plants are unable to grow in the shade that it creates .
In Galapagos the tree was planted by farmers as a crop for the quinine .
It is also invasive in Hawaii on Maui and the Big Island .
Attempts have been made to control the plant in the Galapagos National Park using a variety of methods .
Controlling it over all of Santa Cruz island would cost several million US dollars according to research by the Charles Darwin Foundation .
Cinchona pubescens is known for because its bark has a lot of quinine .
It is also invasive in Hawaii on Maui and the Big Island Invasive species in Hawaii .
The Control of a Highly Invasive Tree Cinchona pubescens in Galapagos .
Impact of the introduced tree Cinchona pubescens Vahl .
Page 102 .
Botanical research and management in Galapagos .
Threats from alien plant species in the Galapagos Islands .
University of Queensland School of Natural and Rural Systems Management .
Censo de especies arboreas introducidas en la zona agricola de la Isla Santa Cruz .
Mycorrhizal fungi on the Galapagos Islands .
Some thoughts on the control of introduced plants .
Invasive plant problems and requirements for weed risk assessment in the Galapagos Islands .
Weed Risk Assessment .
Conservation and vegetation of the Galapagos Islands .
Plants and Islands .
It extends from Taif in the south to Khyber in the north .
There are 4 important cities in this region .
Jeddah the economic and tourism capital of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
Muslims face this city when they pray .
There are a lot of monuments and historical places .
Taif is tourist city in Saudi Arabia due to the cooler climate compared with the other cities .
The company name was taken from the last names of the founders .
It originally started building engines for IndyCars .
They received financial support from IndyCar team owner and builder Roger Penske .
One division of the company was called Special Projects .
Ilmor Engineering is owned by Mario Illien and Roger Penske .
In Ilmor entered Formula One as an engine supplier .
They supplied engines to the Leyton House team .
Leyton House was formerly knows as March .
Ilmor also supplied engines to the Tyrrell team in .
Ilmor had developed a good name in F1 .
In Ilmor also supplied the new Pacific GP team of Keith Wiggins with the old 1993 version of the engines .
The Ilmor engine was not the cause of this poor performance .
Ilmor became the engine partner to McLaren in .
The partnership received its first win at the 1997 Australian Grand Prix .
The McLaren team won the constructor 's championship in .
The company name was taken from the surnames of the founders .
It originally started building engines for IndyCars with the money of IndyCar team owner and chassis manufacturer Roger Penske .
Ilmor also delivered engines to the Tyrrell team in that year .
In 1994 Ilmor also supplied the new Pacific GP team of Keith Wiggins with the old 1993 spec engines .
Ilmor became the engine partner to McLaren in 1995 .
The partnership took its first win at the 1997 Australian Grand Prix .
The age of majority is when a minor is considered to have reached adulthood by the law of the country where they live .
The word majority is used here to mean having the full number of years .
The age of majority is a legally fixed age and idea of adulthood which is different in different places .
It may not necessarily match the actual mental or physical maturity of an individual .
The ages at which these various rights may be used are different depending on where the person is .
The law in a given jurisdiction may never actually use the term age of majority and the term thereby refers to a collection of laws bestowing the status of adulthood .
The ages at which these various rights or powers may be exercised vary as between the various rights and as between different jurisdictions .
One need not have attained the age of majority to have permission to exercise certain rights and responsibilities .
Some ages of license are actually higher than the age of majority .
Emancipation is when a child is freed from the responsibility and care of their parents or legal guardians before they reach the age of maturity .
Some places also do the same for minors who are in the armed forces or who have a certain degree or diploma .
A child who is legally emancipated by a court of competent jurisdiction automatically attains to his or her maturity upon the signing of the court order .
Only emancipation confers the status of maturity before a person has actually reached the age of majority .
Some do likewise for minors who are on active duty in the armed forces .
August Rush is a 2007 American drama film .
It was directed by Kirsten Sheridan .
It was produced by Richard Barton Lewis .
August Rush is a movie about a boy who has a great ability to play and listen to music .
The word geyser comes from Geysir .
Geysir had come from the Icelandic verb geysa .
Only a few places on Earth have these conditions .
Normally geysers are near active volcanic places .
This is because the geyser is because of magma .
They erupt when they are very hot .
Surface water usually goes down to about .
There eruptions are made up of bursts of vapor without liquid .
They are more easily seen because of the bits of dust and ice carried by the gas .
They erupt at very high temperatures .
Surface water normally goes down to a of about .
Geysers are made because of special geological conditions .
Geysers are usually near active volcanos .
The pressurized water begins to boil .
Geysers are made because of special hydrogeological conditions .
Normally geysers are near active volcanic places .
The moon has eruptions which are called geysers .
The liquid part is not present there .
They are more easily seen because of the bits of dust and ice carried by the vapor .
Nitrogen eruptions have been seen on Neptune 's moon Triton .
Carbon dioxide eruptions from the southern polar ice cap of Mars have also been seen .
This forces hot steam and water to the surface through the geyser .
A geyser needs a lot of heat .
This heat comes from magma .
This magma needs to be near the surface of the earth .
Geysers need much more heat than is usually found near the earth 's surface .
They burst through the geyser 's vent .
Some water flows or splashes out .
This makes the weight of the column of water and the pressure on the water below less .
It boils violently .
Eruptions that are often called geysers have been seen on several moons .
There eruptions are made up of bursts of vapor without liquid .
They are more easily seen because of the bits of dust and ice carried by the gas .
There are also signs of carbon dioxide eruptions from the southern polar ice cap of Mars .
A geyser needs great heat .
This heat comes from magma that needs to be near the surface of the earth .
This makes the weight of the column of water and the pressure on the water underneath less .
A geyser is a hot which shoots out water and steam .
There are about a thousand geysers around the world .
Geysers are often near active volcanos .
The oldest individual geysers are only a few thousand years old .
This is why they are often around volcanoes or volcanic areas .
The moon has eruptions which are called geysers .
The liquid part is not present there .
They are more easily seen because of the bits of dust and ice carried by the vapor .
Water vapor streams have been seen near the south pole of Saturn 's moon Enceladus .
Nitrogen eruptions have been seen on Neptune 's moon Triton .
Carbon dioxide eruptions from the southern polar ice cap of Mars have also been seen .
Geysers are usually near active volcanos .
There are about a thousand geysers around the world .
The moon has eruptions which are called geysers .
The liquid part is not present there .
They are more easily seen because of the bits of dust and ice carried by the vapor .
Water vapor streams have been seen near the south pole of Saturn 's moon Enceladus .
Nitrogen eruptions have been seen on Neptune 's moon Triton .
Carbon dioxide eruptions from the southern polar ice cap of Mars have also been seen .
Geysers do not last forever .
The oldest geysers are only a few thousand years old .
The dance is based on the way matadors perform in the ring .
A matador is the leading man in a bullfighting team .
It is he who kills the bull .
This means two beats per bar of music .
It is the type of music typically played at bullfights .
This means two beats per bar of music .
Delaware Company Search 3169257 It has no recognized educational accreditation in any of these places .
BIU References List .
San Jose State Spartans is the name of the different sport teams at San Jose State University .
The university has taken part in athletics since its baseball team began in 1890 .
Smith and Carlos are remembered for giving the raised fist salute from the medalist 's podium during the 1968 Summer Olympic Games in Mexico City .
The San Jose State Spartans is the name of the athletic teams representing San Jose State University .
The university has participated in athletics since it first fielded a baseball team in 1890 .
Smith and Carlos are perhaps best remembered for giving the raised fist salute from the medalist 's podium during the 1968 Summer Olympic Games in Mexico City .
A botanical garden is generally a well maintained park which contains many different kinds of plants labeled with their botanical names .
Botanical gardens are generally well maintained parks showing a wide many kinds of plants labeled with their botanical names .
Only races that are a part of the Formula One World Championship are included .
Active drivers are in bold .
Embolded drivers are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season .
Active drivers are in bold .
Embolded drivers are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season .
Godsmack has played at Ozzfest .
They have played at Ozzfest .
Baps traditional made in Scotland are not sweet unlike Irish version which may contain currants .
Traditional bap of Scotland is not sweet unlike Irish version which may contain currants .
Baps traditional made in Scotland are not sweet unlike Irish version which may contain currants .
Some of these refer to a specific type of bread roll .
These were named depending on how the dough was made and how the roll was cooked .
Dough can contain fat to provide tenderness to dough .
Can come in multiple shapes dependent on part of the country .
The name originates from the fact that is like the shape and size of a cobblestone .
This type of roll is a variation found primarily in Upstate New York .
Dough can contain fats such as lard or butter to provide tenderness to dough .
Can come in multiple shapes dependent on region .
The name originates from the resemblance to the shape and size of a cobblestone .
This type of roll is a regional variation found primarily in Upstate New York .
This was made popular by Martin Luther in his Deutsche Messe .
Banco Hispanoamericano was created in 1900 .
Banco Central was created in 1919 .
Banco Central and Banco Hispanoamericano merged .
Banco Santander was founded in 1857 .
Banco Central Hispano was founded in 1991 .
The 1999 merger between Santander and Central Hispano was designed to be a merger of equals .
The the top executives of the two firms would share control of the new firm .
Soon after the merger former Central Hispano executives thought chairman Botin of trying to control the firm .
They threatened to take legal action against him .
This action cost the shareholders of the firm 164M .
In April 2005 he was cleared of all charges .
Abbey became part of Grupo Santander on 12 November 2004 .
In May 2007 Banco Santander Central Hispano announced that it would make an offer to purchase ABN AMRO .
This offer was in conjunction with Royal Bank of Scotland and Fortis .
The offer would be made by a capital increase through a new stock share issue .
These will be integrate into Santander Consumer Finance .
The purchase of Sovereign has given Santander its first retail bank in the mainland United States .
Soon after the merger former BCH executives accused Botin of trying to push his own agenda and threatened to take legal action against him .
In May 2007 Banco Santander Central Hispano announced that in conjunction with Royal Bank of Scotland and Fortis it would make an offer for ABN AMRO .
Then in October 2007 the consortium outbid Barclays and acquired ABN AMRO .
It has renamed most of the subsidiaries it has acquired to Santander .
SC USA would also enter into a loan processing agreement for the remainder of its US auto loan portfolio .
It has rebranded most of the subsidiaries it has acquired to Santander .
Smaller amounts of crude oil production come from Tunisia and in the United States .
Eni supplies natural gas .
In March 2009 it bought the rest of Distrigas .
Eni was one of the two companies selected to provide natural gas to Italy .
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi was a close friend of one of main owners of Eni .
Italian parliament canceled the contract .
The commission believes that Eni has conspired to keep competitors from using its gas pipelines .
Has been present in UK since 1964 .
Both teams were heavily funded by the Nazi regime .
They won all the European Grand Prix Championships after 1932 .
Fangio and Moss finished first and second in 1955 's World Championship .
A terrible crash at the 1955 24 Hours of Le Mans on June 11 killed Mercedes driver Pierre Levegh and over 80 spectators .
The company made a return to the Formula One in by unofficially supplying the Sauber team with engines .
Mercedes also purchased a small portion of the McLaren .
In Brawn became Mercedes GP .
Fangio and Moss finished first and second in that year 's championship .
Tyrrell competed as a constructor from 1970 until 1998 .
Brawn 's association with Mercedes began when the team opted to use the Mercedes FO 108W engine at the last minute .
Mercedes needed special permission to supply engines to Brawn .
The Formula One regulations at the time only allowed an engine supplier to supply two teams .
Mercedes was already supplying engines to both McLaren and Force India .
Brawn won the first race it entered at the 2009 Australian Grand Prix .
Both Button and Brawn went on to seal the Drivers ' and Constructors ' World Championships in the penultimate race in Brazil .
Brackley is less than 30 miles away from Mercedes ' Formula One engine plant in Brixworth .
One reason given for Mercedes parting with McLaren was because of McLaren 's ambitious plans to build road cars .
Mercedes has said it would continue to supply engines to McLaren until 2015 .
The acquisition of Brawn meant that Mercedes parted ways with McLaren .
However Mercedes said it would continue to supply engines to McLaren until 2015 .
An eighty million pound sponsorship arrangement that had been signed by Brawn with the German company Henkel was invalid .
Henkel claimed they were unaware of the deal and were not interested in Formula One .
They said the deal was made by a former Henkel employee on stolen company stationery to defrauding the company .
Henkel plans to work with the German Prosecutor 's Office to clarify the matter .
The team will compete under the full title of Mercedes GP Petronas Formula One Team .
The car races in Mercedes ' traditional silver colors and retains Brawn GP sponsor MIGfx and adds investment group Aabar to its list of sponsors .
From 2010 the team will compete under the full title of Mercedes GP Petronas Formula One Team .
The car races in Mercedes ' traditional silver colors and retains Brawn GP sponsor MIGfx and adds investment group Aabar to its roster of sponsors .
It was successed by the 1 Series in 2004 .
It were successed by the 1 Series in 2004 .
Rumba is a music and dance term .
It has two different meanings .
Rumba is a music and dance term with two quite different meanings .
Bullfighting is an old sport .
The modern bullfight is very ritualized .
It has three distinct stages The start of each are announced by a trumpet .
The cape called a muleta .
The bullfighter also comes back in with a sword .
The bullfighter uses his cape to attract the bull in a series of passes .
He may show he is more powerful then the bull by putting it very close to his body .
The faena is the performance with the cape .
The faena ends with a final series of passes in which the bullfighter tries to move the bull into position .
He then stabs it between the shoulder blades and through the aorta or heart .
The act of using the sword is called an estocada .
There are also versions of the bullfight in which the animal does not get hurt .
Bullfighting is an ancient sport .
The matador uses his cape to attract the bull in a series of passes .
He may show his domination over the bull by caping it especially close to his body .
The faena is the performance with the muleta .
The faena ends with a final series of passes in which the matador attempts to maneuver the bull into position .
He stabs it between the shoulder blades and through the aorta or heart .
The act of thrusting the sword is called an estocada .
There are also versions of the bullfight in which the animal is unharmed .
It has three distinct stages .
The start of each are announced by a trumpet .
It has three distinct stages The start of each are announced by a trumpet .
The ice algal communities are important in primary production and are important in Polar ecosystems .
This protects the chloroplast and cell nucleus from strong visible and ultraviolet radiation .
The ice algal communities play an important role in primary production and are important in Polar ecosystems .
This protects the chloroplast and cell nucleus from intense visible and ultraviolet radiation .
Snow algae are algae and cyanobacteria which grow on snow and ice fields .
Ice algae is a term used to talk about the algal communities on sea ice .
Snow algae are specialized algae and cyanobacteria that grow on snow and ice fields .
The ice algal communities are important in primary production and are important in Polar ecosystems .
The other team is Red Bull Racing .
Toro Rosso ran its first race in the season .
Toro Rosso is the sister team of Red Bull Racing .
The goal is to use Toro Rosso to develop the skills of promising drivers for the Red Bull Racing .
Vitantonio Liuzzi scored Roro Rosso 's first point in its first season at the 2006 United States Grand Prix .
The team 's first pole position and victory were scored by Sebastian Vettel at the 2008 Italian Grand Prix .
Toro Rosso started using the Ferrari engines when Red Bull Racing switched from Ferrari to Renault engines .
Both cars were designed by Adrian Newey .
Vitantonio Liuzzi scored the team 's first point in its first season at the 2006 United States Grand Prix .
The team 's first pole position and victory were scored by Sebastian Vettel at the 2008 Italian Grand Prix .
It has been confirmed that both Alguersuari and Buemi have been retained by the team until the end of the 2011 season .
Season in progress .
The main reason for their lack of performance was a relatively small budget .
Minardi owner Paul Stoddart said he had 41 offers to buy the team .
Stoddart preferred to sell the team to someone who could take it further than he could .
He also wanted an owner who would maintain the team in its traditional base in Italy .
Red Bull decided to changed the Minardi name because of their sponsorship and marketing plans .
Red Bull used the Italian language in the new name to hint at the team 's Italian heritage .
Red Bull changed the name of the team immediately after taking control of the team on 1 November 2005 .
Jani was the test driver for Sauber Petronas in .
The 2006 Toro Rosso chassis was a modified version of the 2005 Red Bull Racing RB1 .
Some teams felt that this infringed the rule that each team must design their own car .
The new regulations for 2006 required new V8 engines .
Toro Rosso was allowed to used Minardi 's supply of power limited Cosworth 3 liter V10 engines .
This option had been created to assist the less funded teams the expense of building new engines .
These teams felt that the engine gave Toro Rosso too much of an advantage .
Jani was the test driver for Sauber Petronas in 2004 .
The 2006 chassis was a modified version of the 2005 Red Bull Racing RB1 .
Some teams felt that this infringed the Concorde Agreement as each team is expected to design their own car .
This concession had been granted to assist less well funded teams by avoiding the cost of sourcing a new supply of V8 engines as required by the 2006 regulations .
The 2007 season was generally disappointing .
The team suffered poor reliability and driver errors that lead to a low number of race finishes .
He was replaced by BMW Sauber development driver Sebastian Vettel .
Vettel was later confirmed as a driver for .
It was a big improvement over the preceding race .
He was penalized for passing Adrian Sutil 's Spyker for eighth place under a local yellow flag condition .
The penalty dropped him to ninth place .
The team pulled off a massive shock at the wet Italian Grand Prix .
Vettel claiming a pole position and won the race .
It was the first pole and win for both himself and Toro Rosso .
This was also the first win for a Ferrari engine in a customer chassis .
Vettel 's performances earned him a place at Red Bull Racing for .
The double points finish moved STR above Honda and level with Williams in the Constructor 's Championship .
At the next race in Japan Vettel again showed his class finishing 6th .
Vettel 's performances earned him a place at Red Bull Racing for 2009 .
The season ended with Toro Rosso finishing in last place in the championship .
Force India was able to move ahead in the point race after finishing second in the Belgian Grand Prix .
It had been stated that Loeb would not be available to race in F1 until after the end of the WRC season .
He would 've been available to make his F1 debut at the 2009 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in November .
The season ended with Scuderia Toro Rosso finishing last place in the championship after being over taken by Force India after their podium finish in the Belgium GP .
However Toro Rosso 's form picked up towards the end of the season with Sebastien Buemi going on to score points in the final two races .
Alguersuari scored the first points of his career finishing ninth at the Malaysian Grand Prix .
Alguersuari scored the first points of his career finishing ninth under the new points system at the Malaysian Grand Prix .
He finished tenth at the Spanish Grand Prix scoring a point thanks to Lewis Hamilton 's penultimate lap crash .
The 2008 contract between the FIA and the Formula One teams outlawing customer cars starting in .
They had hoped to sell the team by the the end of the season .
Sports sponsorship is a major part of Red Bull 's marketing strategy .
Scuderia Toro Rosso is not the first sports team to be bought and completely renamed .
The new Formula One regulations for 2006 required new V8 engines .
The new regulations for 2006 required new V8 engines .
Some groups such as Illapu have used it regularly .
It looks and works the same way as a recorder .
The extra tube acts as an aeroduct .
The auxiliary tube acts as an aeroduct .
The Mayor 's office was responsible for keeping the books .
The books were kept on the third floor of the town hall .
A Hungarian friend of his recommended the city of Budapest .
The Hungaroring is a circuit in the Formula One Grands Prix calendar .
The F1 race is normally held in the middle of a Central European summer .
This is because the track is not used very much throughout the season and it is built on sandy soil .
The track is built in a natural valley .
About 80 percent of the racetrack is visible from any viewing location .
The circuit is generally dusty due to underuse throughout the season and being built on sandy soil .
The track 's being in a natural valley means that about 80 percent of the racetrack is visible from any point .
This is a circuit where there is often a heightened advantage to running late in qualifying .
Due to the twisty style of the circuit overtaking is difficult in dry conditions .
Most of the foreign fans are from Germany and Austria .
The Hungaroring has traditionally seen a large number of Finnish fans as well .
The Hungarian Grand Prix has always been more of a promotional event than a profit raising event .
The Formula One contract was extended until 2016 .
Tobacco advertising has been banned since 2007 .
The Hungaroring is the home of Hungarian motorsport .
A public drag race event takes place every month .
The team was first formed as Manor Grand Prix as a partership between Manor Motorsport and Wirth Research .
Manor Motorsport are best known as a Formula Three team .
It is used to replace test models of cars in a wind tunnel to see how well they perform .
On 17 November 2009 Virgin announced that former Toyota driver Timo Glock would be the team 's lead driver for the 2010 season .
The driver has signed a two year contract with a one year extension offer .
Fellow former GP2 driver Luiz Razia will be the testing and reserve driver .
The 2010 car was officially launched on the team 's website on 3 February 2010 .
The Virgin cars would not be able to finish any races unless the drivers ran at a reduced speed to conserve fuel .
The team has been allowed to redesign the chassis to increase the fuel tank size .
The team has been given the opportunity to redesign the chassis .
On 17 November 2009 it was announced by the team that former Toyota driver Timo Glock would be the team 's lead driver for the 2010 season .
The driver was signed for two years and has a one year extension offer as well .
Russian sports car manufacturer .
This is a reverse the recent trend of financial institutions such as ING and RBS to withdraw sponsorship .
It remains unclear as to whether or not the Lloyds logo will appear on the cars .
This convention also include meetings to watch fot the realization of this convention and persons with disability also can take part in this .
Countries must forbid all discrimination because of disability and protect all persons against discrimination on all reasons .
Countries must admit that person with disabilities enjoy doing legal matters equally with others through all the life .
All person with disabilities have rights to be respected their physical and mental healthy worth .
Countries must admit that persons with disabilities have rights to take part in in society and not to be isolated and segregated from society .
This Convention has also have an agreement that can accept a claim of a single person who havs got a offence by a country where the person lives .
That is called Optional Protocoll but only 54 countries have promised to United Nations to realize that .
This convention also include meetings to watch fot the realization of this convention and persons with disability also can participate this .
Countries must prohibit all discrimination because of disability and protect all persons against discrimination on all reasons .
Countries must admit that person with disabilities enjoy legal capacity equally with others through all the life .
All person with disabilities have rights to be respected their physical and mental integrity .
Countries must admit that persons with disabilities have rights to participate in society and not to be isolated and segregated from society .
Something is a song written by the Beatles .
It was written by George Harrison .
Something is a song written by George Harrison .
Former Sauber sports car driver Heinz Harald Frentzen was Karl Wendlinger 's new team mate .
They only scoring a few points in the opening rounds .
Things got worse after the tragic deaths of Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenberger at the San Marino Grand Prix .
Wendlinger was seriously injured in a crash during practice for the Monaco Grand Prix .
He suffered serious head injuries and was unable to race for the of the season .
Wendlinger was replaced by Andrea de Cesaris .
Sauber finished the season with twelve points and eighth out of the fourteen original teams entered .
Mercedes were unhappy with the progress of Sauber and left the team at the end of the year .
New team Pacific Grand Prix Ltd took a customer supply of more dated Ilmor units .
Between seasons Lehto had signed to Mild Seven Benetton Ford .
Former Sauber sports car driver Heinz Harald Frentzen took up the role as Karl Wendlinger 's team mate .
Sauber voluntarily pioneered prototypes of these to protect their drivers .
They would finish the season with the same points tally as the previous year but finished only eighth out of the fourteen original entrants .
The partnership would see Team McLaren Mercedes take their first win in 1997 and both titles in 1998 but left Sauber to pick up the works Ford engine deal from Benetton .
Dietrich Mateschitz had purchased a majority share in the team .
Fritz Kaiser joined the team as the commercial director .
The 1995 season saw the return of Karl Wendlinger and Heinz Harald Frentzen as the drivers .
They also climbed back up to seventh in the constructor 's championship .
They held seventh spot on a shrinking list of constructors and only scored 11 points .
For the next season they announced a customer deal to receive Ferrari V10 engines .
They also were working with new sponsors Petronas to build their own engines .
The 1995 season and Sauber C14 marked the beginning of a ten year sponsorship deal with energy drink giants Red Bull .
In fact entrepreneur Dietrich Mateschitz had purchased a majority share in the team and Fritz Kaiser joined as commercial director .
They landed a factory supply of Ford Zetec R V8s .
The 1995 season saw the return of Karl Wendlinger partnering Heinz Harald Frentzen .
They also climbed back up to 7th in the constructor 's championship .
Despite again holding seventh spot on a shrinking list of constructors they only scored 11 points and had not impressed for much of the season .
For the next season they announced a customer deal to receive Ferrari V10 engines while they worked with new sponsors Petronas to construct their own engines .
Sauber used Ferrari designed engines from 1997 to 2005 .
The engines were nearly identical to the ones used by Ferrari .
Sauber Petronas Engineering also built the gearboxes used by Sauber .
Sauber licensed nearly every part they could from Ferrari .
Sauber even had several Ferrari engineers on staff .
His good performance that year proved the Sauber decision right .
They sided with the other teams over planned rule changes .
Sauber 's final grand prix came in China .
Sauber licenced nearly every legally licensable part from Ferrari and even had several Ferrari engineers on staff .
Sauber departed F1 with six third places and two front row starts their best results .
At the end of the 2005 season the team was bought by BMW and was renamed BMW Sauber .
BMW sold its share of BMW Sauber back to Peter Sauber after the end of the 2009 season .
Polish Robert Kubica was signed as the team 's third or test driver .
BMW 's headquarters in Munich was responsible for building the new P86 V8 engine .
Kubica filled in for Villeneuve .
Villeneuve could not drive due to complications following his accident at the German Grand Prix .
The team 's finished the season fifth place in the constructor 's championship with 36 points .
For the season Kubica and Heidfeld were again the teams ' drivers .
Sebastian Vettel would be the third or test driver .
Timo Glock was signed as the team 's second test driver .
Sebastian Vettel took his place in the United States Grand Prix and finishing in 8th place .
He became the youngest driver to score a Formula One World Championship point .
BMW Sauber 's first race victory came in the Canadian Grand Prix .
They started work on the new car for because of the new regulations for the next season .
This was reflected in the team 's performance for the remainder of the 2008 season .
Kubica was leading the drivers championship after the Canadian Grand Prix .
The lack of development was showed with a drop in performance through the second half of the season .
Pole Robert Kubica was signed as the team 's third driver .
Over the first two thirds of the season the drivers picked up points with a succession of seventh and eighth place finishes .
Heidfeld scored the team 's first podium at the 2006 Hungarian Grand Prix from 10th on the grid .
Heidfeld struggled in the race and barely earned a point by finishing eighth .
Heidfeld has continued this success with two more 4th places in Malaysia and Bahrain respectively .
Kubica finished 6th in Bahrain after retiring in Australia and mechanical trouble in Malaysia .
Their performance thus far had been such that many were saying a race win was likely after firmly establishing themselves as the best team behind championship leaders Ferrari and McLaren .
The Canadian Grand Prix brought mixed fortunes for the team .
BMW Sauber started the season well with Kubica narrowly missing out on pole after a mistake in his main qualifying lap in Melbourne .
He later retired after being hit by Kazuki Nakajima but Heidfeld finished second .
The team 's points total of 11 was their largest score up to that time .
This was the first Formula One victory for a BMW engine since the 2004 Brazilian Grand Prix .
In October 2008 the team confirmed that they would stay with Robert Kubica and Nick Heidfeld as their drivers for the Season .
Kubica was forced to retire from the race .
They were in 8th place in the Constructors ' Championship out of 10 teams .
BMW had been one of the strongest supports of KERS .
Lotus Racing was given the 13th and final slot in the Season .
In October 2008 the team confirmed that they would stick with Robert Kubica and Nick Heidfeld as their drivers for the Season .
Chairman Dr Norbert Reithofer described the decision as a strategic one .
The Formula One Teams Association released a statement in response pledging its support to help the team remain in F1 .
However Lotus F1 Racing had been given the 13th and final slot in the 2010 Season .
He would only agree to the purchase if the team receiving a FIA entry for the season .
He has been placed on the same training program as the race drivers de la Rosa and Kobayashi .
The team ran without a primary sponsor for the first four races of the 2010 season .
Israel and Judah were Iron Age kingdoms of the old Near East .
Israel and Judah were Iron Age kingdoms of the ancient Near East .
The Levant thus constitutes a narrow corridor whose geographical setting made it a constant area of contention between more powerful entities .
The modern name Palestine is derived from this .
These sages developed and maintained an oral tradition alongside of the Holy Writ .
The Hellenistic period of Jewish history started in 332 BCE when Alexander the Great took over Persia .
Several languages were used .
The Jews did spoke Aramaic among themselves .
The Hellenistic period of Jewish history began in 332 BCE when Alexander the Great conquered Persia .
The Jews almost certainly spoke Aramaic among themselves .
The book has the most Greek language of all the books in the Septuagint .
The book has the most classical Greek language of all the books in the Septuagint .
Cook and his crew stayed for seven weeks and met with the Guugu Yimithirr .
The word kangaroo was a Guugu Yimithirr word for the animal which Cook wrote down in his diary .
There are 25 species of mangrove grwoing along the river .
About 2000 people live in the town .
Cooktown is the northernmost town on the east coast of Australia .
It was a port for the newly discovered Palmer River Goldfields .
Cook and his crew stayed for seven weeks and made contact with the Guugu Yimithirr .
The word kangaroo was a Guugu Yimithirr word for the animal which Cook recorded in his diary .
There are 25 species of mangrove recorded along the river .
It is the northernmost town on the east coast of Australia .
Campos Racing currently runs a team in the European F3 Open Championship .
They also used to run the GP2 Series team now known as Addax Team .
Campos was running the Formula One operation in conjunction with Meta Image .
Campos Racing currently runs a team in the European F3 Open Championship and used to run the GP2 Series team now known as Addax Team .
Teixeira said the team was aiming to make the second test session and believed that they would definitely make the third session at Jerez .
It was paying 7 million to Dallara stating that sometime we have the money sometime we do n't .
He also denied that F1 hopeful Stefan GP had taken the Campos ' car .
He stated that we 've got a contract and as long as we 're paying the contract is valid .
The team admitted budgetary problems .
Colin Kolles also replaced him as team principal .
The team 's headquarters were moved to Grupo Hispania 's offices in Murcia .
It was paying the 7 million to Dallara stating that sometime we have the money sometime we do n't .
He confirmed that the funding should be finalized and within place the following week .
The team 's headquarters were moved from Meta Image 's offices Madrid to Grupo Hispania 's offices in Murcia .
He then slid off the track after his wheel came loose .
Chandhok 's did not complete any laps in the Friday practice .
The mechanics were unable to make the clutch and gearbox on the car work .
Chandhok crashed on the second lap and was out of the race .
Senna retired on lap 18 with an overheating engine .
Hispania finally had both car finish the race at the Malaysian Grand Prix with Chandhok finishing in front of Senna .
Chandhok was 3 laps down and Senna was 4 laps down .
Yest driver Sakon Yamamoto would race in his place .
Yamamoto has replaced Chandhok for the German Grand Prix and the Hungarian Grand Prix .
Senna 's car was completed in time for him to complete three installation laps in the first free practice session .
This was partly due to a damaged floor caused by Chandhok coming off the track twice during the race .
The fifth start in Spain was n't so successful for both Hispania drivers .
However the team 's new test driver Christian Klien drove for the team in first practice .
Both drivers were unhurt .
The crash almost cost Mark Webber the race win as he was following the pair closely when the accident occurred .
Yamamoto replaced Chandhok for the German and Hungarian Grands Prix .
Napoleon and Tabitha started their career in Las Vegas while still in college choreographing industrial musicals for large businesses .
In 2008 they were assistant creative directors for Celine Dion 's Taking Chances Tour and Kanye West 's Glow in the Dark Tour .
He is a highly overrated player and will likely be drafted a lot higher in the draft than he should be because of the family name .
Also starring in the film are the late actress Zoe Lund and the late actor Victor Argo .
The closest large towns are Northampton and Milton Keynes .
RAF Silverstone opened in 1943 .
Silverstone was first used for motorsport by a group of friends who set up their own race in September 1947 .
He and eleven other drivers raced over a two mile circuit .
Geoghegan 's car ran over a sheep and killed it .
The car was beyond repair .
This informal race became known as the Mutton Grand Prix .
This arrangement was used for the and British Grands Prix .
In 1952 the start line was moved to the straight after the Woodcote corner .
This layout remained largely unaltered for the next 35 years .
For the British Grand Prix a chicane was introduced to try and slow the speeds through the fast Woodcote Corner .
The Bridge Corner was slightly changed in before the track underwent a major redesign after the race .
The entry from Hangar Straight into Stowe Corner was modified in 1995 so as to make its entry less dangerous and less challenging .
The high speed Abbey kink was changed to a chicane in just 19 days before the Grand Prix .
Silverstone was first used for motorsport by an ad hoc group of friends who set up an impromptu race in September 1947 .
The next year the Royal Automobile Club took a lease on the airfield and set out a more formal racing circuit .
This arrangement was used for the 1950 and 1951 Grands Prix .
Several small changes were made in the track before the track underwent a major redesign after the race .
Silverstone has suffered with bad traffic delays on race days .
The traffic problem was improved when the the A43 Silverstone bypass was built .
On F1 race day many spectators travel to the circuit by helicopter .
Silverstone Heliport is the busiest airport in the UK for this day .
In 1952 the start line was moved to the straight after the Woodcote corner .
This layout remained largely unaltered for the next 35 years .
For the British Grand Prix a chicane was introduced to try and slow the speeds through the fast Woodcote Corner .
The Bridge Corner was slightly changed in before the track underwent a major redesign after the race .
Historically Silverstone has suffered traffic jams on race days .
In 1987 the rotation stopped and the race stayed at Silverstone .
There was even the possibility that the British Grand Prix would not be run in 2005 .
In December an agreement was reached with Formula One Silverstone would host the British Grand Prix until 2009 .
Starting in 2010 Donington Park would become the new host of the British Grand Prix .
The Donington Park leaseholders ran into economic problems .
A new deal with Formula One resulted in a 17 year deal to hold the British Grand Prix at Silverstone .
However on 9 December an agreement was reached with Formula One rights holder Bernie Ecclestone ensuring that the track would host the British Grand Prix until 2009 after which Donington Park would become the new host of the British Grand Prix .
In an Autosport interview he said I want to deal with a promoter rather than the BRDC .
It is too difficult with the BRDC because you get no guarantees with them .
They know what we want them to build .
Maurice Hamilton has described the attitude of the BRDC as to be inflexible and sometimes arrogant .
On 12 January 2009 is was announced that Silverstone will host the British MotoGP from 2010 after signing a five year deal to hold this event .
On 20 June 2009 Bernie Ecclestone stated that there would be a British Grand Prix at Silverstone in 2010 if Donington was not ready to host it .
When asked why he had moved from his previous Donington or nothing standpoint he cited changes in the structure of the BRDC meaning there was a better way of negotiating with them over future commercial rights .
Part of the deal is for a new pit lane to be built .
The Dunlop MSA British Touring Car Championship withdrew the track from its calendar in 2007 .
Strong demand brought the series back to Silverstone for the 2008 BTCC calendar .
The section is currently used to host a European Drift Championship round .
It has in the past hosted exhibition rounds of the D1 Grand Prix both in and .
Both the FIM and Silverstone agree the circuit needs to be remodelled for motorcycle racing .
The riders are concerned over the closeness of the bridge at Bridge corner .
On 22 January 2010 it was confirmed that Silverstone would host the British round of the 2010 Superbike World Championship season .
Silverstone later claimed that the changes would make the circuit the fastest track on the MotoGP calendar .
This additional section is also planned to be used in the 2010 Formula 1 British Grand Prix .
Silverstone was first used for racing by a group of friends who set up their own race in September 1947 .
Then the Donington Park leaseholders ran into economic problems .
Both the FIM and Silverstone agree the circuit needs to be remodeled for motorcycle racing .
The layouts offer different lengths and complexity .
Silverstone was first used for motorsport by a group of friends who set up their own race in September 1947 .
The Donington Park leaseholders ran into economic problems .
Both the FIM and Silverstone agree the circuit needs to be remodelled for motorcycle racing .
This became the subject of legal action in Italy and an FIA investigation .
Michael Schumacher was their superstar driver .
They were part of the team given the credit for changing the of fortunes of Ferrari in the late 1990s .
The statement issued by the FIA states that Renault F1 was found to have information used by the 2006 and 2007 McLaren F1 cars .
Honda said that no confidential information had been offered or received .
The search warrant is understood to have been related to Coughlan 's home and the positive outcome is reported to be documents claimed to have originated at Ferrari 's Maranello factory .
Stepney 's dismissal from Ferrari had been announced earlier the same day .
Ferrari were unaware that their technical information had been stolen until they received a tip from an employee in the photocopying shop .
Coughlan did not submit the affidavit because of the possibility of it being used against him in an Italian court case .
The fact that he held at his home unsolicited materials from Ferrari was not known to any other member of the team prior to July 3 .
The area is mostly flat and about half is used for grazing cattle .
Much of the wildlife is threatened by introduced species and weeds .
Cape York is the northernmost point on the Australian continent .
Visitors may wish to invest in snake boots .
This eclipse is listed in the List of solar eclipses in the 21st century article .
The west coast is bordered by the Gulf of Carpentaria and the east coast by the Coral Sea .
There is no clear border to the south .
The official boundary in the Cape York Peninsula Heritage Act 2007 of Queensland follows the 16 S latitudeOffice of the Queensland Parliamentary Counsel .
Cape York is the northern most point on the Australian continent .
The west coast borders the Gulf of Carpentaria and the east coast borders the Coral Sea .
Cape York is the northernmost point on the Australian continent .
There has been no tectonic activity for millions of years .
There are some very low hills rising to some 800m elevation in the McIlwraith Range on the eastern side around Coen .
The soils are infertile even compared to other areas of Australia .
Attempts to grow commercial crops have usually failed .
The climate on Cape York Peninsula is tropical and monsoonal .
The dry season is from May to October .
Almost all this rain falls between November and April .
These provide important freshwater and nutrients to the healthiest section of the Great Barrier Reef .
The floodplains of the Laura Basin are protected in the Lakefield and Jack River National Parks .
The Peninsula 's rivers are famous for their hydrological integrity .
Cape York Peninsula is one of the few places where tropical water cycles remain unchanged .
Cape York Peninsula has as much as a quarter of Australia 's surface runoff .
The peninsula 's rivers are also important as they put water back into central Australia 's Great Artesian Basin .
The Queensland Government is planning to protect 13 of Cape York Peninsula 's wild rivers under the Wild Rivers Act 2005 .
The Peninsula 's river catchments are noted for their exceptional hydrological integrity .
Cape York Peninsula contributes as much as a quarter of Australia 's surface runoff .
The Queensland Government is currently poised to protect 13 of Cape York Peninsula 's wild rivers under the Wild Rivers Act 2005 .
These are home to about 3300 species of flowering plants .
Most variety is found in the rainforest areas .
Most of the Cape York Peninsula is drier than New Guinea which stops the rainforest plants of that island from moving across to Australia .
Most of the Cape York Peninsula is covered in grass and woodlands .
The most common tree is the Darwin stringybark .
Rainforests need some rainfall during the long Dry season .
These conditions are mostly found on the eastern slopes of the Cape 's coastal ranges .
These rainforests are of high conservation significance .
Many of these wetland only happen during the Wet season and have rare or uncommon plant types .
Most of the Cape York Peninsula is drier than nearby New Guinea which limits the rainforest plants of that island from migrating across to Australia .
Many of these wetland come into existence only during the Wet season and support rare or uncommon plant communities .
Of these 40 are are found are only found here .
Some such as Pied Oystercatcher are found in other parts of Australia but have important populations on the peninsula .
Number of this forest marsupial have dropped because they have tried to eat the introduced poisonous cane toads .
The riverbanks of the lowlands are home to specific wildlife of their own .
The Great Barrier Reef lies off the east coast and is an important marine habitat .
Mammals include the endangered rodent Bramble Cay Melomys found only on Bramble Cay in the Torres Strait .
Most of this rain falls between November and April .
The remainder is mostly National Park and managed by the Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service .
There are big deposits of bauxite along the west or Gulf of Carpentaria coast .
A nomination for World Natural Heritage is currently being looked at by the Queensland and Australian Federal governments .
The first known contact between Europeans and Aborigines took place on the west coast of the peninsula in 1606 .
The peninsula 's largest settlement is the mining town Weipa on the Gulf of Carpentaria .
There is no clear border to the south .
The official boundary in the Cape York Peninsula Heritage Act 2007 of Queensland follows the 16 S latitudeOffice of the Queensland Parliamentary Counsel .
There are some very low hills rising to some 800m elevation in the McIlwraith Range on the eastern side around Coen .
The soils are infertile even compared to other areas of Australia .
Almost all this rain falls between November and April .
The remainder is mostly declared as Park and managed by the Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service .
There are extensive deposits of bauxite along the west or Gulf of Carpentaria coast .
The Cape York Peninsula Land Use Strategy study was commissioned by the Australian government in 1990 to create plans to protect the wilderness and a nomination for World Natural Heritage is currently being considered by the Queensland and Australian Federal governments .
The remainder is extremey sparsely populated with about half the population living in very small settlements and cattle ranches .
They dress in human clothing and usually walk standing up .
She puts him to bed and makes him drink camomile tea because he is tired and sick .
She puts him to bed and makes him drink camomile tea .
He escapes and goes back home to his mother .
The album contains all 27 UK singles released by the band between 1994 and 2009 .
Five different versions of the album were released .
The record features the songs Whatever and Lord Do n't Slow Me Down which had previously never appeared on an Oasis album .
The reason for this is not known .
The reason for this is unknown .
Formula One returned to Japan in 1987 .
Homda used the circuit as a test track .
One section of the track passes over the other on a bridge .
Both drivers have been accused of crashing into the other deliberately and thus the two situations as well as their comments after both incidents have tainted both driver 's reputations in the eyes of most but die hard fans .
The 1995 Japanese Grand Prix was the first for which the allocated tickets did not sell out .
At the 2006 event Michael Schumacher led until an engine failure virtually ended his chances of an eighth championship .
The 2005 race was one of the most exciting races of the season after many top drivers started near the back of the grid after the qualifying in variable weather .
The FIA announced on 24 March 24 2006 that future races will again be held at Fuji Speedway .
Fuji had been redesigned by Hermann Tilke .
This will start in 2009 .
The 2007 race was held in torrential rain and started behind the safety car .
Active drivers are in bold .
Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a pink background .
Active teams are in bold .
Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a pink background .
Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a pink background .
Embolded drivers are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season .
A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship .
Embolded teams are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season .
A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship .
Events which were not part of the Formula One World Championship are indicated by a pink background .
Morris also produced the band 's second album Which Bitch ?
The circuit was designed by Hermann Tilke .
Yas Marina is the second Formula One track in the Middle East .
The first was Bahrain .
Yas Marina was designed as an Arabian version of Monaco .
Part of its pit lane exit runs underneath the track .
One of the gravel traps runs underneath the West grandstand .
The circuit has a few potential overtaking spots .
The pit straight down to turn 1 is good for a KERS car .
After turn 7 the longest straight on the Formula One calendar is ended with a heavy braking chicane at turn 8 .
Finally the long curve down to turn 11 as the potential for overtaking especially for a KERS car .
The pit exit of circuit runs under the actual track through a tunnel .
Yas Marina Circuit is the largest permanent sports venue lighting project in the world .
The surface material is highly praised for the high level of grip .
The same material was used at the Bahrain International Circuit .
World Champion Fernando Alonso stating that it was enjoyable because there was always something to do .
Adrian Sutil rated the circuit as being better than Formula One 's other night race in Singapore .
He belives there is too much light at Marina Bay .
Not all of the drivers were complimentary .
Fisichella claimed that it was both very difficult and dangerous .
The surface material is highly acclaimed by circuit bosses and Formula 1 drivers for the high level of grip it offers .
The same aggregate material is used at the Bahrain International Circuit for the Bahrain Grand Prix .
It is the track for the Singapore Grand Prix .
It was a modification of the original design first proposed by Hermann Tilke .
The pit area of the circuit is located in an empty plot of land off Republic Boulevard .
The track was criticised by F1 drivers as being excessively bumpy .
The drivers were worried that hitting the bumps could cause damage to the car .
They were also worried that the bumps would force them into the wall on the outside of the corner .
The entry of the pit lane was called difficult and incredibly dangerous by several drivers .
They did not like the fast nature of the corners where the pit lane situated .
Turn 7 was named Memorial because it is near a Second World War civilian memorial .
Turn 10 was named Singapore Sling .
The pit area of the circuit is located in an empty plot of land off Republic Boulevard and beside the Singapore Flyer .
Ferrari 's Felipe Massa compared the kerbs akin to little tortises that would wreck the car if you get something wrong .
They also raised concerns that the bumps would pitch them into the wall on the outside of the corner .
Virgin Radio stations in each country are usually owned independently of the Virgin Group .
It 's a Cheeky Holiday !
Their real names are Gabriela and Monica Irimia .
It 's a Cheeky Holiday !
There 're real names are Gabriela Irimia and Monica Irimia .
Construction started in 1938 and the track was opened in May 1940 .
They were built in the early 20th century to supply the city with water and electric power .
The facilities include a kart circuit named after Ayrton Senna .
The present design of the track dates back to 1990 .
The FIA had placed new restrictions on track length .
The track lost three long straight sections and three fast curves .
The direction on another curve was reversed and a new curve created .
The original track had many fast corners that allowed cars to keep maximum speed for up to twenty seconds .
This was considered very dangerous .
Another feature that makes Interlagos interesting is that it follows the ups and downs of hilly ground .
This makes the circuit harder to drive and more demanding on the car 's engine .
The hilly course is also a good feature for cycling races held in the circuit .
The circuit is known for its bumpy surface .
The races are also physically tough on the drivers .
They were the largest set of repairs made in the last 35 years .
The repairs were to fix the problems with the track surface .
A new grand stand was built .
No events were held in the five months immediately preceding the race .
This improved access to the circuit .
The hilly course is also a good feature for road cycling races usually held in the circuit .
The race start is in front of the Tribunas section and features a long straight section .
Then there is a short straight section that goes downhill .
The pit lane entrance was changed to become safer for the 2007 Brazilian Grand Prix .
The pit lane entrance received some changes to become safer for the 2007 Formula One Brazilian Grand Prix .
Its equivelent in the Wallonia region of Belgium is known as the Ultratop 40 singles chart .
It 's equivelent in the Wallonia region of Belgium is known as the Ultratop 40 singles chart .
She wrote during the Taish and Showa periods Japan .
She was one of modern Japan 's most successful writers .
She wrote many romance novels and adolescent girls ' fiction .
FISA and FOCA had a number of disagreements .
Some teams believed that FISA was favoring the major manufacturers .
The teams were also unhappy about how the money in Formula One was being distributed .
This resulted in several races being canceled .
Goodyear threatened to quit suppling tyres to Formula One .
This would have been a disaster to the sport .
Bernie Ecclestone of FOCA organized a meeting of team managers and FISA representatives .
The agreement was named after the plaza in Paris where the discussions took place .
The contract terms remain mostly confidential .
It is known that teams were required to appear and compete in every race .
The agreement also granted FOCA the right to televise Formula One races .
This may have been the most important part of the agreement .
Another important part of the agreement was that the rules would be kept stable .
The second Concorde Agreement covered the through seasons .
The third Concorde Agreement covered the through seasons .
The second Concorde Agreement governed the to seasons inclusive .
The third Concorde Agreement covered the to seasons .
They rejecting the proposed Concorde Agreement .
He believed that only helped Ecclestone .
He felt it weakened the bargaining power of the teams .
The agreement was to run from 1 January 1997 to 2002 .
The three teams lost influence in the sport and income they would have received if they had signed .
This agreement expired on 31 December 2007 .
All of the teams but Ferrari attended the meeting .
This formed the basis of the next Concorde Agreement .
BMW Sauber had announced it was going to withdraw from Formula One at the end of the season .
The new agreement provides for a continuation of the terms of the 1998 agreement .
It runs until 31 December 2012 .
A program of resource limits was also agreed on .
Revised sporting and technical regulations for the season were set .
The V8 engine design was improved to make it lighter and produce more power than the V12 .
Packard 's 1916 Twin Six is widely regarded as the first production V12 engine .
Heavy trucks often use large V12 diesel engines .
Some trucks have been fitted with twin V12s .
Several factors made teams stop using the V12 engine .
And finally rule changes that limited the size of engines and the power they could produce .
V12 engines used to be common in Formula One and endurance racing .
In the late 1960s Nissan used a V12 in the Japanese Grand Prix and again in the early 1990s Group C races .
V12 is a common configuration for large diesel engines .
Heavy trucks often use large V12 engines .
Heavy trucks often use large V12 diesel engines .
These engines commonly power craft up to about 100 tonnes in pairwise configurations and range in power from about .
One of these engines was used to power a hot rod style car called the Blastolene Special .
He was the last former Pittsburgh Pirates member to play in the NHL .
He was the last former Pittsburgh Pirates member in the NHL .
The fast weakening was from the weakening eyewall and especially uneasy waters from the previous storm Hurricane Luis .
The rapid weakening was from the weakening eyewall and especially uneasy waters from the previous storm Hurricane Luis .
Rainfalls from Marilyn on land were around 4 to 7 inches from September 13 until September 14 .
The same area would be struck by Hurricane Bertha the next year while still repairing from Marilyn .
Rainfall on land was around 4 to 7 inches .
Rainfalls from Marilyn on land were around 4 to 7 inches from September 13 until September 14 .
Marilyn made landfall on the Lesser Antilles on September 14 at Category 1 strength .
Hurricane Marilyn was the strongest storm to hit the Virgin Islands since Hurricane Hugo of 1989 .
Rainfall on land was anywhere from 4 to 7 inches .
Rainfall on land was around 4 to 7 inches .
Rainfall on land were anywhere from 4 to 7 inches .
Rainfall on land was anywhere from 4 to 7 inches .
The highest rainfalls in Puerto Rico from Hurricane Marilyn were in Naguabo and at Luis Munoz International Airport .
The greatest gusts reported were in Culebra .
The highest recorded sustained winds were at Roosevelt Roads Naval Station .
The Peugeot 306 is an automobile produced by Peugeot .
The Peugeot 306 is a automobile produced by Peugeot .
Tamburello was very bumpy and had very little room between the track and a concrete wall .
The wall protected a creek that ran behind the corner .
He missed the race due to his injuries .
The car caught fire .
The firefighters and medical personnel went to work quickly .
They escaped without serious injury .
In there were three serious accidents at Imola .
It was a very hard crash and he was knocked unconscious for a few minutes .
Senna was killed instantly .
A gravel trap was added to the limited space on the outside of the corner .
Villeneuve corner was also slowed down and a gravel trap added .
Another modification made was to the Variante Alta .
Variante Alta is at the top of the hill leading down to Rivazza .
It has the hardest braking point on the lap .
This often caused damage to the cars and sometimes lead to accidents .
San Marino Grand Prix was dropped from the Formula One championship after .
Riccardo Patrese also had an accident at the Tamburello corner in 1992 while testing for the Williams team .
He was not seriously injured .
In 2007 it was not on the Formula One calendar .
Another modification made to the Imola track is that of the famous Variante Alta which is situated at the top of the hill leading down to Rivazza and has the hardest braking point on the lap .
SAGIS is the company that owns the circuit .
They hoped that the race would be reinstated at the October 2006 meeting of the FIA World Motorsport Council .
The circuit has undergone major revisions .
This is more like the old version of the circuit .
The pitlane has been extended and reworked .
The old pit garages and paddock have been completely rebuilt .
But still the track needs the 1 approvial to again host a Formula One race .
But still the track needs the 1 homologation to again host a Formula One race .
Uncle Sam is a fictional person and a national symbol of the United States .
He sometimes represents the American government .
His clothing is like the flag of the United States .
His clothes is like flag of the Umited States .
Four millions copies were printed during 1917 and 1918 .
Minardi was an automobile racing team and constructor .
It was founded in 1979 by Giancarlo Minardi .
It competed in the Formula One World Championship from 1985 until 2005 .
Stoddart ran the team for five years .
Then Stoddart sold the team to the energy drink company Red Bull in 2005 .
Red Bull renamed the team Scuderia Toro Rosso .
Martini led a lap in the Portuguese Grand Prix .
The best finishing position they managed was 4th place .
Martini finished 4th twice in and Christian Fittipaldi in .
They also resisted employing pay drivers more than most other teams short on money .
Pay drivers are drivers who pay the team to drive the race car .
Most professional race drivers ary payed by a team to drive .
Minardi produced an impressive list of former drivers .
Minardi was an automobile racing team and constructor founded in 1979 by Giancarlo Minardi .
Giovanni Minardi competed in his own cars in the late 1940s .
He ran customer cars in Formula Two under various names from 1972 to 1979 .
Giancarlo briefly ran a customer Formula One Ferrari as Scuderia Everest in 1976 .
This backing allowed Giancarlo to set up the Minardi racing team as a constructor .
Giovanni Minardi competed in his own cars in the late 1940s and after his death his son Giancarlo took over the racing part of the family business .
The team commissioned a BMW powered design from Giacomo Caliri 's FLY studios .
Caliri had earler build Fittipaldi Automotive team 's F5A Formula One car .
The team 's most best result was a 1981 win at the Misano Circuit by Michele Alboreto .
Minardi left the Formula Two division at the end of 1984 .
In 1986 a modified version of their final Formula Two car was entered in two rounds of the Formula 3000 championship .
Formula 3000 had replaced Formula Two in 1985 Minardi did not have any success in Formula 3000 .
Caliri designed the team 's prototype Formula One car .
The car was intended to be used for both Formula One and the new Formula 3000 series .
The car was designed to use the Alfa Romeo 's V8 turbocharged engine .
Minardi became the only customer for Chiti 's new V6 engine design .
They used a Cosworth DFV V8 engine for the first two races .
The single car team was unsuccessful in its first year .
They did not score any points .
The new engine was underpowered .
Driver Pierluigi Martini finished only two races .
Martini 's best was 8th place .
The team expanded to two cars for the season .
They had little success competing with the Motori Moderni engine .
In they started using the Cosworth engines .
The team became more competitive .
By had become top entrant for tyre maker Pirelli 's return to Formula One .
The team were moderately successful in the middle of the field through the late 1980s and early 1990s .
He drove for them on their debut in .
Scored their first point in the United States Grand Prix .
Led their only lap in the Portuguese Grand Prix .
Martini was one of the drivers that scored Minardi F1 result of 4th place .
A samba that never got into tune 8w .
The team 's most notable result was a 1981 win at the Misano round by Michele Alboreto .
The team picked up in competitiveness and by 1989 had become top entrant for Pirelli 's return to Formula One .
But also Brazilian Christian Fittipaldi achieved a fourth place in the 1993 South African Grand Prix .
Those 4th places Martini and Minardi had together were in the 1991 San Marino Grand Prix and 1991 Portuguese Grand Prix .
It was the first team in modern times to make use of customer engines .
They used Ferrari engines in .
In they switched to Lamborghini V12 engines .
In they went to Ford engines .
The team was short on money .
In Minardi joined his team with BMS Scuderia Italia in an effort to survive .
Gabriele Rumi was an Italian businessman and the former owner of the Fondmetal Formula One team .
Rumi had been sponsoring Tyrrell .
In Rumi switched his sponsorship support to Minardi .
The team scored very few points in this era .
Michele Alboreto scored his last point in Formula One with a sixth place in the Monaco Grand Prix .
Pedro Lamy scored his one and only point in Formula One with a sixth place in the Australian Grand Prix .
It was the first team in modern times to make use of customer engines from Ferrari in 1991 and in 1992 they used Lamborghini V12s .
Money woes hit and in 1994 Minardi joined his team with BMS Scuderia Italia in an effort to survive .
Stoddaart merged the team with his European Racing Formula 3000 team .
Stoddart was described as the Formula One teams ' unofficial representative .
Stoddart tried to get the costs for the teams reduced .
He asked to the other car manufacturers for help .
He wanted an agreement where the independent teams in Formula One would get cheaper engine deals .
Later he withdrew this threat .
Before the Australian Grand Prix Stoddart threatened to withdraw his cars .
There were new regulation in place for 2005 .
He claimed that Minardi could not afford to modify their cars .
One of Minardi 's most famous performances came at the Australian Grand Prix .
Baumgartner scored Minardi 's first point in more than two years at the United States Grand Prix .
All of the points came from the debacle of the United States Grand Prix .
They finished fifth and sixth .
Only six cars started the race .
None of the cars running Michelins started the race because of tyre problems .
Stoddart was described as the Formula One teams ' unofficial shop steward .
Before the 2005 Australian Grand Prix Stoddart initially threatened to withdraw his cars if they were made to comply with the revised regulations for 2005 .
Stoddart claimed that Minardi could not afford to adapt their cars .
One of Minardi 's most famous performances came at the 2002 Australian Grand Prix .
Stoddart said he had 41 offers to buy the team .
His conditions for a sale was the ability of a buyer to move the team forward and leave the team based in Faenza .
They decided to set up a second team .
On 10 September 2005 Red Bull announced it would take control of Minardi in November and run it as their rookie team from .
The team 's funding from Red Bull was increased .
They started using the Red Bull chassis and Ferrari engines .
Stoddart claimed that he had 41 approaches .
Irvine in talks over Minardi sale news .
Red Bull swoop for Minardi deal news .
For 2008 the team is known simply as Piquet Sports .
Prodrive was unsuccessful in launching their F1 team .
Rhe team would be renamed Minardi Team USA .
Robert Doornbos won two times and had several podium finishes .
The Champ Car series folded before the 2008 season .
Stoddart 's team entering the Indycar Series under the HVM name .
Minardi moving on up Retrieved 4 October 2006 For 2008 the team is known simply as Piquet Sports .
The story says that a king of Moab named Meqabis made war against Israel as a punishment on them .
It says that a king of Moab named Meqabis made war against Israel as a punishment on them .
Later he felt bad for his sins and taught the people living in Israel God 's law .
Later he repented of his sins and taught the Israelites God 's law .
Twinkie the Kid is an anthropomorphized Twinkie .
The bridge lies between Waterloo Bridge and Westminster Bridge and is often called Charing Cross Bridge .
It is a steel railway bridge .
Right next to it on both sides are two pedestrian bridges called the Golden Jubilee Bridges withlift access .
Each footpath has steps and lift access .
It is a steel bridge with two more recent pedestrian bridges on either side .
Each footpath has steps and lift access .
The bridge lies between Waterloo Bridge and Westminster Bridge and is often called Charing Cross Bridge .
It is a steel railway bridge .
Right next to it on both sides are two pedestrian bridges called the Golden Jubilee Bridges withlift access .
The election was run by the Global Automotive Elections Foundation .
The election process was overseen by the Global Automotive Elections Foundation .
An action figure is a character figurine .
It may be made from plastic or other materials .
The classical style of dance is described as being the most graceful of all the classical Indian dances .
Rabindranath Tagore used the style for his female characters in his famous dance dramas .
Manipur shares a border with Burma .
The people of Manipur belong to the Mongoloid group .
Samkirtana is basically a male dance form .
In Manipur it developed with a very rich dance element along with singing and playing instrument .
The songs that are sung with these dances speak of the glory of Krishna and Radha .
Manipur is a state in the Northeast corner of India .
It shares the border with Burma .
The people of Manipur belong to the Mongoloid group and have features resembling this genre .
But here it developed with a very rich dance element along with singing and playing instrument .
But here the Pung is made out of wood while the Khol is made of clay .
The songs accompanying these dances speak of the glory of Krishna and Radha .
In Manipur it has a very rich dance element along with singing and playing instruments .
Singers use a trembling tone which gives it the typical sound of the Manipuri style of singing .
The Talas used here have an immense variety .
It is even performed before the beginning of the Rasalila .
In Manipur it developed with a very rich dance element along with singing and playing instrument .
The Talas used here has an immense variety .
It is even performed prior to the beginning of the Rasalila .
The people of Manipur are part of the Mongoloid group .
Manipur has a very rich and artistic culture .
The oldest form of dance is found in the Laiharaoba festival .
Laiharaoba means merrymaking of Gods .
The festival generally lasts for a month and is held every year in the months of May and June .
The Maibi community holds the Laiharaoba festival .
There are specific rituals that the maibis follow during the festival .
All these gods are worshipped in the Laiharaoba festival .
They use 364 hand gestures to show this .
The instrument used in Laiharaoba is called the Pena .
The people of Manipur belong to the Mongoloid group .
Manipur has a very rich culture with fine taste is artistry .
Manipuri dance includes several categories of dances .
The ancient form is found in the Laiharaoba festival .
The word Lai means God and the word Haraoba means merrymaking .
So Laiharaoba means merrymaking of Gods .
The maibi community holds the Laiharaoba festival .
Maibis are female priests .
All these Gods are worshipped in Laiharaoba festival .
They use 364 hand gestures to depict this .
The instrument used in Laiharaoba is called Pena .
It is played by the Penakhongba and the tune is believed to put the Lai to sleep or used to wake him up .
There are specific rituals that the maibis follow to carry on the festival .
The festival generally lasts for a month and is held every year in the months of May and June .
Other tunes are also played for the dances .
The other stories have characters such as the Nongpokningthou and Panthoibi .
The characters are often identified with the Hindu Gods Shiva and Parvati .
There are also performances of sword and spear play .
Vaishnavism made its entry in Manipur during the reign of Cherairongba .
The Raja joined this religion and his subjects followed him .
The people started worshipping the gods with dance .
The Cholom is a male dance form of Manipur .
Singers use a trembling tone which is typical of the Manipuri style of singing .
The people of Manipur are part of the Mongoloid group .
Manipur has a very rich and artistic culture .
Other tunes are used as accompaniment to dances also .
The other stories have characters like the Nongpokningthou and Panthoibi .
These characters are often identified with the Hindu Gods Shiva and Parvati .
The art of sword and spear play is exhibited in this festival also .
Many movements of this Martial form are adapted in the dance form of Manipur .
Like the often used Khujengleibi movement in dance is found in the sword technique .
Raja himself took to this religion and his subjects followed him .
All the aspects of daily life changed with this adaptation and the rituals of Vaishnavism were followed very closely by this community .
The people started worshipping them with dance .
Singers use a trembling tone which gives it the typical sound of the Manipuri style of singing .
The face has a subdued expression while the eyes mostly express the bhaktirasa or the emotion of devotion .
Rabindranath Tagore used this technique for the female characters in his dance dramas .
The emotional part of this dance form follows the rasa theory as written in the Vaishnava texts .
Religion and art have merged completely in the making of dance in Manipur .
Even today one can not identify Manipuri dance without the presence of the gods Krishna and Radha .
The face follows a subdued expression while the eyes mostly articulate the bhaktirasa or the emotion of devotion .
The great personality Rabindranath Tagore utilized this technique for the female characters in his dance dramas .
The emotional part of this dance form follows the rasa theory as laid down in the Vaishnava texts .
Religion and art had intermingled completely in the making of dance in Manipur .
Till today one can not identify Manipuri dance without the presence of the Gods Krishna and Radha .
A tornado drill is something people do to practice what they would do if there were a tornado .
It is usually done in a building such as a school or office .
It starts with a such as an alarm or a spoken message over an .
They then get into a safe position .
This might include on the ground with their hands over their heads .
Schools and businesses may also have a tornado drill .
A tornado drill is a method of practicing to take cover in a specified location in the event that a tornado strikes an area .
Most states in the Midwest and South conduct a statewide tornado drill in late winter or early spring in preparation for the severe weather season .
Schools and businesses also conduct a tornado drill .
Buchanan believes that a constitution created for use by at several generations of citizens .
The constitution must be able to balance interests of the state and society and individual citizens .
There is an important opinion that constitutional economics can be considered as the modern science of legislation .
The Russian school of constitutional economics focuses entirely on the concept of constitution of state .
This model of the constitutional economics is trying to create a bridge between the constitutional economic rights of citizens and the economic policy .
Many transitional and developing countries consider its constitution as an abstract legal document disconnected from the real economic policy of the state .
Society and individual citizens have no influence on decisions in the process of distribution of national finance .
The legal solution to this problem could be found within the scope of constitutional economics .
The constitution must be able to balance interests of the state and society and individuals and their constitutional rights to personal freedom and private happiness .
He also outlines importance of protection of the moral principles underlying constitutional norms .
There is an important opinion of Ludwig Van den Hauwe that constitutional economics draws substantial inspiration from the reformist attitude which is characteristic of Adam Smith 's vision .
Buchanan 's concept can be considered the modern counterpart to what Smith called the science of legislation .
The President of the Constitutional Court of the Russian Federation Valery Zorkin make a special reference to a educational role of the constitutional economics .
This model of the constitutional economics is based on the understanding that it is necessary to narrow the gap between practical enforcement of the economic rights granted by the constitution and the economic policy conducted by the government .
The latter creates a critical financial dependence of the judiciary .
Many countries with a transitional and developing political and economic system consider its constitution as an abstract legal document disconnected from the economic policy of the state .
Practice of constitutional economics may becomes a decisive element for democratic development of the state and society .
It is a subsidiary of eBay and was launched in February 2005 .
The company was founded as a startup by eBay employees and launched in February 2005 .
DR Movie is a Korean animation studio .
It was organised in Seoul in 1990 .
It often works with Japanese companies on anime titles .
DR Movie is a Korean animation studio that was organised in Seoul in 1990 and works with Japanese companies on anime titles .
His patent was applied for use in 1905 .
The engine was tested at Pikes Peak in Colorado at .
The test was to show that the turbo could add the power airplanes lose at high altitude .
Less air and fuel can be drawn into the engine .
Turbochargers were first used in production aircraft engines in the 1930s .
The first turbocharged diesel truck was built by the Swiss Machine Works Saurer in 1938 .
The Oldsmobile Cutlass Jetfire was fitted with a Garrett AiResearch turbocharger and the Chevrolet Corvair Monza Spyder with a TRW turbocharger .
This was during the height of the oil crisis .
The 911Turbo was the first production sports car with exhaust turbocharger and pressure regulator .
The pressure regulator was the wastegate .
Both were introduced in 1978 .
The first successful turbocharged racing engine appears to have been in 1952 .
He led for .
Then the turbo was damaged by tire debree .
Offenhauser 's turbocharged engines first came to Indianapolis in 1966 .
Their first victorie came in 1968 using a Garrett AiResearch turbocharger .
Formula One had a Turbo Era from until .
The performance made up for the high cost .
Other engine manufacturers started building turbos .
The turbocharged engines took over the F1 field .
They ended the Ford Cosworth DFV era in the mid 1980s .
World Rally Car racers have long preferred turbocharged engines .
Turbo power started to rise to the levels of F1 cars .
The FIA did not ban turbos .
They restrict the turbo power by limiting the inlet diameter .
His patent for a turbocharger was applied for use in 1905 .
The engine was tested at Pikes Peak in Colorado at to demonstrate that it could eliminate the power losses usually experienced in internal combustion engines as a result of reduced air pressure and density at high altitude .
Turbochargers were first used in production aircraft engines in the 1930s before World War II .
This was made possible by the introduction of a wastegate to relieve excess pressure .
The turbocharged engines took over the F1 field and ended the Ford Cosworth DFV era in the mid 1980s .
In F1 decided to limit the maximum boost before the technology was banned completely for .
This event was chronicled at the time in a 1987 cover story published by Autoweek magazine .
This combines with the use of vehicles with relatively small bodyshells for maneuverability and handling .
Some engines use two turbochargers .
They will both be the same size .
Each turbo is powered by a separate exhaust pipe from the engine .
The first production car with parallel twin turbochargers was the Maserati Biturbo of the early 1980s .
The normal setup is to have one turbo working all the time .
The seconds turbo will only start working at higher RPM .
The second turbo will be able get to full speed before it is required .
The turbocharger has four main components .
The housings fitted around the compressor impeller and turbine collect and direct the gas flow through the wheels as they spin .
The size and shape can dictate some performance characteristics of the overall turbocharger .
Often the same basic turbocharger assembly will be available from the manufacturer with multiple housing choices for the turbine and sometimes the compressor cover as well .
Variable geometry turbochargers are further developments of these ideas .
The CHRA may also be considered water cooled by having an entry and exit point for engine coolant to be cycled .
This is representative of the extra air pressure that is achieved over what would be achieved without the forced induction .
Manifold pressure should not be confused with the volume of air that a turbo can flow .
In aircraft engines the main benefit of turbochargers is to maintain manifold pressure as altitude increases .
This varies according to aircraft and engine types .
The maximum possible boost depends on the fuel 's octane rating and the inherent tendency of any particular engine towards detonation .
Premium gasoline or racing gasoline can be used to prevent detonation within reasonable limits .
The speed at which the assembly spins is proportional to the pressure of the compressed air and total mass of air flow being moved .
The main function of a wastegate is to allow some of the exhaust to bypass the turbine when the set intake pressure is achieved .
Turbocharged engines operating at wide open throttle and high rpm require a large volume of air to flow between the turbo and the inlet of the engine .
This causes a surge which can raise the pressure of the air to a level which can damage the turbo .
The primary use of this valve is to maintain the turbo spinning at a high speed .
The escaping air flow is directed back into the compressor inlet pipe .
Allowing some air to escape at this location inhibits the onset of surge and widens the compressor map .
This technology is widely used by turbocharger manufacturers such as Honeywell Turbo Technologies and Cummins Turbo Technologies .
The extra fuel is not burned .
The evaporated fuel holds this heat until it is released in the exhaust stream .
This thermodynamic property allows manufacturers to achieve good power output by using extra fuel at the expense of economy and emissions .
The first production automobile with parallel twin turbochargers was the Maserati Biturbo of the early 1980s .
Some car makers combat lag by using two small turbos .
Being individually smaller they do not suffer from excessive lag and having the second turbo operating at a higher RPM range allows it to get to full rotational speed before it is required .
Many new diesel engines use this technology to not only eliminate lag but also to reduce fuel consumption and reduce emissions .
Remote turbo systems can incorporate multiple turbochargers in series or parallel .
Truck and industrial Diesel engines normally run at their maximum speed .
This reduces problems with turbo lag .
Diesel engines have no engine knock .
Diesel engines can use much higher boost pressures than gasoline powered engines .
This regulates the rotational speed of the turbine and thus the output of the compressor .
The wastegate is opened and closed by the compressed air from turbo and can be raised by using a solenoid to regulate the pressure fed to the wastegate membrane .
Another method of raising the boost pressure is through the use of check and bleed valves to keep the pressure at the membrane lower than the pressure within the system .
Truck and industrial Diesel engines run mostly at their maximum power reducing problems with turbo lag caused by sudden accelerations and decelerations .
The turbocharger 's small size and low weight have production and marketing advantage to vehicle manufacturers .
Usually increased piston cooling is provided by spraying more lubrication oil on the bottom of the piston .
The compact nature of a turbocharger mean that bodywork and engine compartment layout changes to accommodate the more powerful engine are not needed .
The use of parts common to the two versions of the same engine reduces production and servicing costs .
The Ford EcoBoost engine is one such design .
Using turbochargers to increase performance was very appealing to the Japanese builders in the 1980s .
The first example of a turbocharged motorcycle is the 1978 Kawasaki Z1R TC .
This raised the power up from to .
It was only slightly faster than the standard model .
Several other motorcycles were built with turbos .
Turbo applications for motorcycles increased their price .
The small gains in performance were not worth the extra cost .
A turbocharger fixes this problem by compressing the air to higher pressures .
Compressing the air increases its temperature .
This causes several problems .
Increased temperatures can lead to engine knock because of increased cylinder head temperatures .
Hotr air can not burn as much fuel as cold air .
This decrease the power produced .
The common method of dealing with the hotter air it to cool it .
The most common one is to use an intercooler or aftercooler .
These coolers reduce the temperature of the air before it enters the engine .
Modern turbocharged aircraft usually do not need to cool the incoming air .
Their turbochargers are generally small and the pressures created are not very high .
The air temperature in not increased very much .
They usually do not need to cool the incoming air .
The power it adds is more than the power it uses .
A turbocharger is uses the exhaust gases .
This is heat energy that would be wasted .
Using turbochargers to gain performance without a large gain in weight was very appealing to the Japanese factories in the 1980s .
The first example of a turbocharged bike is the 1978 Kawasaki Z1R TC .
The Kawasaki GPz750 Turbo was manufactured from 1983 to 1985 .
This motorcycle had little in common with the normally aspirated Kawasaki GPz750 .
Nearly every component was altered or strengthened for this GPz 750 Turbo to handle the increase in power .
As an aircraft climbs to higher altitudes the pressure of the surrounding air quickly falls off .
The speed of the turbocharger is controlled by a wastegate .
The altitude at which the wastegate is full closed and the engine is still producing full rated power is known as the critical altitude .
This causes multiple problems .
Increased temperatures can lead to detonation because of excessive cylinder head temperatures .
A method of generally coping with this problem is in one of several ways .
The most common one is to add an intercooler or aftercooler somewhere in the air stream between the compressor outlet of the turbocharger and the engine intake manifold .
Intercoolers and aftercoolers are types of heat exchangers which cause the compressed air to give up some of its heat energy to the ambient air .
A supercharger inevitably requires some energy to be bled from the engine to drive the supercharger .
This increases the cost of running the aircraft and reduces its overall range .
The turbine section of the turbocharger is actually a heat engine in itself .
Turbocharged piston engines are also subject to many of the same operating restrictions as gas turbine engines .
The fuel mixture must often be adjusted far on the rich side of the peak exhaust gas temperature to avoid overheating the turbine when running at high power settings .
Turbocharged engines require a cooldown period after landing to prevent cracking of the turbo or exhaust system from thermal shock .
The change in thinking is largely due to economics .
This area of study eventually crossed over into the development of early gas turbine engines .
Those early turbine engines were little more than a very large turbocharger with the compressor and turbine connected by a number of combustion chambers .
Turbochargers can be damaged by dirty or poor oil .
Most manufacturers recommend more frequent oil changes for turbocharged engines .
The turbocharger will heat when running .
Many recommend letting the engine idle for several minutes before shutting the engine off .
This gives the turbo time to cool down .
This will increase the life of the turbo .
The time required for the turbo to build up the needed pressure is called turbo lag .
This is noticed as a hesitation in engine response .
This is caused by the time taken for the exhaust system to speed up the turbine .
Lag can be reduced by by using lighter parts .
This allows the turbine to start faster .
Even small particles of burnt oil will accumulate and lead to choking the oil supply and failure .
Oil coking is also eliminated by foil bearings .
The water boils in the cartridge when the engine is shut off and forms a natural recirculation to drain away the heat .
The time required to bring the turbo up to a speed where it can function effectively is called turbo lag .
This is noticed as a hesitation in throttle response when coming off idle .
This is symptomatic of the time taken for the exhaust system driving the turbine to come to high pressure and for the turbine rotor to overcome its rotational inertia and reach the speed necessary to supply boost pressure .
Conversely on light loads or at low RPM a turbocharger supplies less boost and the engine acts like a naturally aspirated engine .
Ceramic turbines are of benefit in this regard .
Lag is also reduced by using a foil bearing rather than a conventional oil bearing .
This reduces friction and contributes to faster acceleration of the turbo 's rotating assembly .
Lag is not to be confused with the boost threshold .
The boost threshold of a turbo system describes the lower bound of the region within which the compressor will operate .
This has the effect of limiting boost at particular rpm regardless of exhaust gas pressure .
Newer turbocharger and engine developments have caused boost thresholds to steadily decline .
The point at full throttle in which the mass flow in the exhaust is strong enough to force air into the engine is known as the boost threshold rpm .
Both Lag and Threshold characteristics can be acquired through the use of a compressor map and a mathematical equation .
Each bank in a V6 has an odd number of pistons .
Counterweights on the crankshaft and a counter rotating balancer shaft compensate for some of the rocking motion .
This was unacceptable to many customers .
Later designs have improve the engine and make it reasonably smooth .
This is almost the same technique which balances an even firing 90 crossplane V8 in primary and secondary order .
This has the additional advantage that the flying arms can be weighted for balancing purposes .
The most efficient cylinder bank angle for a V6 is 60 degrees .
This makes the smallest size engine and reduces vibration .
Modern design have reduced most of the vibration .
Some 90 V6 engines are built .
They are usually based on V8 engines .
It takes little work to change an V8 into a V6 engine .
The problem is these engines are wider and have more vibration than a 60 V6 .
More modern 90 V6 engine designs avoid vibration problems by changing the crankshafts design and firing timing .
Balancing shafts are often used to remove the remaining vibration .
Each cylinder fires a power stroke every 120 of crankshaft rotation .
The 120 design also creates a very wide engine .
It is too wide for most cars .
It is often used in race cars .
The design was first used by Buick when it introduced its 198 CID Fireball V6 as the standard engine in the 1962 Special .
This is often referred to as firing .
Many early V6 engines were based on V8 engine designs .
More modern 90 V6 engines avoid this problem .
They use a split crank pin where the piston connects to the crankshaft .
This makes an even 120 firing pattern .
Modern metallurgical techniques can produce a crankshaft that is strong enough to not break .
The V6 engine was introduced into racing by Lancia in the early 1950s .
They had some good results .
Then Ferrari built the Dino V6 .
The Dino V6 was used in the Ferrari 246 Formula One car in 1958 .
The V6 engine was introduced into racing by Lancia in the early '50s .
After good results with privately entered Aurelia saloons Lancia set a works competition department in 1951 .
A D24 with a V6 making won the 1953 Carrera Panamericana with Juan Manuel Fangio at the wheel .
After that came the Ferrari Dino V6 .
The motorcycle was raced in the 1978 Bol d'Or 24 hour race .
These first appeared in 1931 .
The arrangement was also used for Borgward 's Goliath and Hansa brand cars and in a few other German cars .
This design reached its ultimate extent starting with Dante Giacosa 's elaboration of it for Fiat .
The result is a larger front crumple zone .
Transverse engines have also been widely used in buses .
They were also used in the British Leyland Atlantean and in many transit buses and nearly all double decker buses .
The majority of rear wheel drive vehicles use a longitudinal engine design .
Many modern front wheel drive vehicles use a transverse engine mounting design .
Cosworth is a high performance engineering company .
It was founded in London in 1958 .
It also has a facility in Pune India .
Cosworth stepped away from Formula One for three years when no team deceided to use their engines for .
The first Formula One engines shipped in January .
Cosworth was initially an privatly owned company .
Cosworth had a long association with the Ford Motor Company .
It was a subsidiary of Ford between 1998 and 2004 .
Most of the Cosworth engines were named Ford engines .
The company went through a several ownership changes .
The business was growing .
He became a UEI board director .
UEI was taken over by Carlton Communications in 1988 .
It was sold to MAHLE in 2005 .
The company went through a number of ownership changes .
Cosworth was initially an privatly owned company .
Cosworth had a long association with the Ford Motor Company .
It was a subsidiary of Ford between 1998 and 2004 .
Cosworth has had a long relationship with the Ford Motor Company .
This started when Cosworth started building racing engines in 1959 .
Cosworth built a engine for the Lotus 7 .
It was used in Formula 3 when engines were allowed .
This was the dominate engine .
This engine featured dual overhead camshafts with 16 valves .
This engine dominated the category until 1971 .
It was also used in sports car racing as the FVC .
The FVA was part of the same Ford contract that gave rise to the DFV .
A larger engine was built for endurance racing in the mid 1970s .
The FVC displaced .
The FVC produced only .
He got Ford to finance Keith Duckworth 's design for a new lightweight Formula One engine .
The DFV design used a similar cylinder head to the one on the FVA engine wih custom cylinder block and crankcase .
With 167 winning races it put Cosworth Engineering on the map .
Jim Clark drove a Lotus 49 with the DFV engine .
Ferrari never used a Cosworth engine .
Most teams just built a car around a Cosworth DFV and a Hewland gearbox .
It won a record 155 World Championship races .
The last was the Detroit Grand Prix in 1983 in a Tyrrell driven by Michele Alboreto .
These were modified versions of the Ford Kent engine for Formula Junior .
Cosworth began its associating with Lotus Cars by boring the Kent out to for the Lotus 7 .
The domination of this engine was absolute as long as these regulations lasted .
This engine featured 16 valves operated by twin overhead camshafts driven by a train of 9 gears .
Most teams just built a tub around a Cosworth DFV and a Hewland gearbox .
It was also a structural part of the car .
It was the advent of turbocharged engines which ended the use of the DFY .
In 1986 Cosworth returned to the lower levels of racing .
The DFV remained in F3000 until 1992 .
It scored its last points in 1990 .
The DFV is still being used in Classic F1 racing .
The FIA given them World Championship status in 2004 .
Its design led to vibrations putting stress on devices surrounding the engine .
It was hard on the exhaust system .
The first sports car to use a DFV failed to finish a single race because of repeated breakdowns .
He got Ford to finance Keith Duckworth 's design for a new lightweight Formula One engine .
These design aspects appealed tremendously to the genius of Colin Chapman who used them to the fullest extent .
The DFV spawned a number of derivations .
A variant of the Ford Essex engine was developed for the Ford Capris .
The Capris were raced in Group 2 in the early 1970s .
A variant of the Ford Essex engine was developed for the Ford Capris raced in Group 2 in the early 1970s .
The GA was also used in the later years of Formula 5000 in Europe .
The FBA and FBC engines were found in the Ford Granada and Ford Scorpio Ultima .
It was based on the Ford Cologne V6 .
In was updated 1995 to produce 201 horsepower .
A racing version was also available for a short time .
The FBE had with individual throttle butterflies for each cylinder .
The FBB and FBD engines were developed but never released .
The FBA and FBC engines engines were found in the Ford Granada and Ford Scorpio Ultima .
FBB and FBD engines did exist as development engines but these were never released .
The two production engines were always mated to an automatic gearbox but have become popular in the custom car scene where they have been mated to the 4x4 manual transmission and the rear wheel drive manual transmission from the Ford Sierra XR4 and XR4x4 .
These engines are well known for their high torque and intoxicating exhaust note .
Cosworth increased its work with Ford in 1969 .
The camshafts were driven by a toothed timing belt .
The BDG also had an aluminum engine block .
The Hart 420R owes much to the BDA series .
It is basically an aluminum block version with similar cylinder heads .
A evolution model was developed by Brian Hart just as Group B was canceled by the FIA .
Racing versions could develop about 400 horsepower .
A limited edition version was introduced in 1987 .
The RS500 could produce 550 horsepower in full racing setup .
Racing versions could develop about .
The RS500 came to dominate touring car racing in its heyday .
This version is intended for club racers .
Cosworth tried to design a full Formula One Grand Prix car in 1969 .
The car was designed by Robin Herd .
It used an new design of a 4WD transmission designed by Keith Duckworth .
This transmission was different from the Ferguson transmission used by all other 4WD F1 cars of the 1960s .
It was powered by a version of the DFV engine built out of magnesium .
The plan was to drive the car at the British Grand Prix .
Cosworth withdrew the car without any explanation .
Herd left Cosworth to form March Engineering .
The F1 car project was canceled .
The external design of the car was Herd 's use of Mallite sheeting .
Mallite is a product made from layers of wood and aluminum .
Cosworth made an attempt at designing a full Formula One Grand Prix car in 1969 .
Cosworth tested turbocharged BD version .
This engine had a long development history .
It only raced only for a short time .
In was used by the Haas Lola team in and the Benetton Formula team in .
It was used by the Benetton team midway through 1989 .
It won the Japanese Grand Prix that year .
The customer engines did not have all the updates the works engines did .
McLaren won five Grands Prix with Ayrton Senna that year .
Cosworth also developed a 72 V10 engine for the Sauber Formula One team .
It was baged as a Ford engine .
The Stewart Grand Prix team basically became the Ford works team .
Stewart became Jaguar Racing which became Red Bull Racing .
They used Cosworth V10 engines until 2006 .
Williams began using the new CA2006 Cosworth V8 engines for the 2006 season .
This left Cosworth out of Formula one for three years .
Honda left F1 in December 2008 .
This lead to Cosworth being selected to provide a standard engine to any interested team .
In 2010 Cosworth returned as the engine supplier for Williams .
Cosworth has subsequently made several V10 engines for a number of Formula One teams .
Cosworth needed to replace the DFS engines used in IndyCar and Champ Car racing .
The XF was built for the 2000 season to replace the XD .
It was picked as the spec engine for the Champ Car World Series in 2003 .
The 2004 model of the XFE was rated at 750 horsepower for normal running .
The XG finished 2nd in its first race at Michigan on 27 July 2003 .
The XG was reduced in size to 3L for 2004 season .
It won one race in 2005 during Chevrolet 's final season in IRL .
The Champ Car World Series merged into the Indy Racing League IndyCar Series prior to the 2008 season .
Cosworth does not currently provide engines to any American open wheel racing series .
Weight was and length was .
The rated life of the engine was between rebuilds .
Engines were sent by the race teams to Cosworth for the rebuild .
The XG was reduced in size to 3L for 2004 season and it won one race in 2005 during Chevrolet 's final season in IRL .
It is found at the base of the vertebral column .
This collection of bones is often called the tailbone .
These bones do not contain cartilage between them .
The coccyx is a serious of bones that are fused together located at the base of the vertebral column This collection of fused bones is often refered to as the tailbone .
It recognizes that wetlands are an important part of the ecology .
The nation with the highest number of sites is the United Kingdom at 168 .
There are now 159 nations that have agreed to the convention .
It recognizes that wetlands are an important ecosystem .
The nation with the most sites is the United Kingdom at 168 .
It recognizes that wetlands are an important part of the ecology .
The nation with the highest number of sites is the United Kingdom at 168 .
It is in the north east corner of the territory and is about 500km from the territory capital Darwin .
This area includes Kakadu National Park .
It was was named by Matthew Flinders after the Dutch ship Arnhem which explored the coast in 1623 .
The region was named by Matthew Flinders after the Dutch ship Arnhem which explored the coast in 1623 .
Arnhem Land goes from Port Roper on the Gulf of Carpentaria around the coast to the East Alligator River where it joins Kakadu National Park .
Gove is the site of large bauxite mine with an alumina refinery .
Temperatures do not vary much during the year .
Arnhem Land became an Aboriginal Reserve in 1931 .
It is still one of the largest Aboriginal Reserves in Australia .
They have been able to keep their traditional indigenous culture .
The 2006 movie Ten Canoes shows life in Arnhem land with a story that uses old Aboriginal stories .
Arnhem Land is famous for its Aboriginal rock art .
This would be one of the Chinese workers brought to Darwin in the late 19th century .
The people also make ritual sand sculptures which do not last .
The Yolngu traded with the people of Makassar on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi .
This trading was happening 200 years before European settlement .
It was was named by Matthew Flinders after the Dutch ship Arnhem which explored the coast in 1623 .
The area extends from Port Roper on the Gulf of Carpentaria around the coast to the East Alligator River where it adjoins Kakadu National Park .
Gove is the site of large scale Bauxite mining with an associated alumina refinery .
The indigenous inhabitants also ritualistically produce temporary sand sculptures .
This trading relationship predates European settlement by some 200 years .
He took part in Captain James Cook 's first great voyage from 1768 to 1771 .
His collections were given to the British Museum .
Approximately 80 species of plants bear Banks 's name .
His collections and library were gifted to the British Museum .
